=== VLTO_2026-02-20.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors and the accompanying Consolidated and Combined Financial Statements and Notes to Consolidated and Combined Financial Statements ( Notes ) included in Item 8. of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This MD A generally discusses 2025 and 2024 items and year-over-year comparisons between 2025 and 2024. Discussions of 2023 items and year-over-year comparisons between 2024 and 2023 are not included, and can be found in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations ( MD A ) in Part II, Item 7 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024 with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 25, 2025. This MD A includes forward-looking statements. For a discussion of important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results referred to in these forward-looking statements, see Information Relating to Forward-Looking Statements. BASIS OF PRESENTATION The Company completed the Separation from Danaher Corporation ( Danaher or Former Parent ) on September 30, 2023, the first day of its fiscal fourth quarter of 2023 (the Separation ). Before that date, Veralto s businesses were comprised of certain Danaher operating units. The Separation was completed in the form of a pro rata distribution to Danaher stockholders of record on September 13, 2023 of all of the issued and outstanding shares of Veralto common stock held by Danaher. Because September 30, 2023 was a Saturday, not a business day, the shares were credited to street name stockholders through the Depository Trust Company on the first trading day thereafter, October 2, 2023. Veralto s common stock began regular way trading on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol VLTO on October 2, 2023. OVERVIEW General Refer to Item 1. Business for a discussion of Veralto s strategic objectives and methodologies for delivering long-term shareholder value. Veralto is a multinational business with global operations. During 2025, approximately 56% of Veralto s sales were derived from customers outside the United States. As a diversified, global business, Veralto s operations are affected by worldwide, regional and industry-specific economic and political factors. Veralto s geographic and industry diversity, as well as the range of its products and services, help limit the impact of any one industry or the economy of any single country on its consolidated operating results. The Company s 26 Table of Contents individual businesses monitor key competitors and customers, including to the extent possible their sales, to gauge relative performance and the outlook for the future. As a result of the Company s geographic and industry diversity, the Company faces a variety of opportunities and challenges, including rapid technological development in most of the Company s served markets, the expansion and evolution of high-growth markets, trends and costs associated with a global labor force, consolidation of the Company s competitors and increasing regulation. The Company operates in a highly competitive business environment in most markets, and the Company s long-term growth and profitability will depend in particular on its ability to identify, consummate and integrate appropriate acquisitions and identify and consummate appropriate investments and strategic partnerships, develop innovative and differentiated new products and services with higher gross profit margins, expand and improve the effectiveness of the Company s sales force, continue to reduce costs and improve operating efficiency and quality, effectively address the demands of an increasingly regulated global environment and expand its business in high-growth geographies and high-growth market segments. The Company is making significant investments, organically and through acquisitions and investments, to address the rapid pace of technological change in its served markets and to globalize its manufacturing, research and development and customer-facing resources to be responsive to the Company s customers throughout the world and improve the efficiency of the Company s operations. The Company defines high-growth markets as developing markets of the world which include Asia (with the exception of Japan, Australia and New Zealand), Latin America (including Mexico), the Middle East, Eastern Europe and Africa. The Company defines developed markets as all markets of the world that are not high-growth markets. Business Performance The Company s overall revenues for the year ended December 31, 2025 increased 6.0% as compared to 2024. Core sales for the year ended December 31, 2025 increased 4.7% as compared to 2024. Currency exchange rates and acquisitions, net of divestitures increased reported sales by 1.2% and 0.1%, respectively. For the definition of core sales, refer to Results of Operations below. Geographically, the Company s sales during 2025 in developed markets increased year-over-year by 6.4% driven by increased sales of 5.9% in North America and 8.0% in Western Europe. Sales in high-growth markets increased 4.8%. The Company s core sales during 2025 in developed markets increased 4.8% year-over-year driven by a 5.3% increase in North America and a 3.8% increase in Western Europe. Core sales in high-growth markets increased 5.1% driven by mid-single digit increases in Latin America and low-single digit increases in China. Net earnings for the year ended December 31, 2025 totaled approximately $940 million, or $3.76 per diluted common share, compared to approximately $833 million, or $3.34 per diluted common share, for the year ended December 31, 2024. The increase in net earnings in 2025 as compared to 2024 was driven by increased sales, resulting from positive pricing actions and higher volumes, partially offset by higher cost of sales. Refer to Results of Operations for further discussion of the year-over-year changes in net earnings for the year ended December 31, 2025. Outlook The Company anticipates 2026 results will be driven by the following expectations in each of the Company s reportable segments: Water Quality: we continue to expect global growth led by positive secular growth drivers across municipal and industrial markets globally, and disciplined commercial execution. Segment performance is expected to benefit from municipal demand driven by recurring revenue from large installed base, while industrial demand is driven by regional end-market dynamics. Product Quality Innovation: we expect continued global growth driven by steady demand in the consumer packaged goods market globally. Segment performance is expected to benefit from large installed base and new product offerings that help our customers convey the quality and safety of their products and build trust with consumers. The potential effects of tariffs and prospective changes in trade policies remain uncertain. The Company s objective is to implement appropriate countermeasures designed to mitigate the impact of these items, and other forms of macroeconomic volatility. Regardless of market conditions, the Company leverages the Veralto Enterprise System ( VES ) to support its customers, promote growth and drive continuous improvement. 27 Table of Contents The Company s outlook for 2026 reflects our current visibility and expectations based on current market factors. Our ability to meet our expectations are subject to numerous risks, including, but not limited to, those described in Item 1A. Risk Factors within this Annual Report. Acquisitions On January 22, 2026, the Company completed the acquisition of In-Situ, Inc. ( In-Situ ), for a cash purchase price of approximately $427 million, net of cash acquired. The Company believes this business will complement the Water Quality segment. In-Situ is a global leader in environmental water measurement and monitoring solutions with a leading portfolio of water quality sondes, water quality sensors and data management solutions that help customers monitor and measure the quality or quantity of surface and groundwater. RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Non-GAAP Measures In this report, references to the non-GAAP measure of core sales refer to sales calculated according to GAAP but excluding: sales from acquired or divested businesses (as defined below, as applicable); and the impact of currency translation. References to sales or operating profit attributable to acquisitions or acquired businesses refer to sales or operating profit, as applicable, from acquired businesses recorded prior to the first anniversary of the acquisition less any sales and operating profit, during the applicable period, attributable to divested product lines not considered discontinued operations. The portion of revenue attributable to currency translation is calculated as the difference between: the period-to-period change in revenue (excluding sales from acquired/divested businesses (as defined above, as applicable)); and the period-to-period change in revenue (excluding sales from acquired/divested businesses (as defined above, as applicable)) after applying current period foreign exchange rates to the prior year period. Core sales growth should be considered in addition to, and not as a replacement for or superior to, sales growth, and may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies. Management believes that reporting these non-GAAP financial measures provides useful information to investors by helping identify underlying growth trends in the Company s business and facilitating comparisons of the Company s revenue performance with its performance in prior and future periods and to the Company s peers. Management also uses these non-GAAP financial measures to measure the Company s operating and financial performance and uses core sales growth as one of the performance measures in the Company s executive short-term cash incentive program. The Company excludes the effect of currency translation from these measures because currency translation is not under management s control, is subject to volatility, and can obscure underlying business trends. In addition, the Company excludes the effect of acquisitions and divestiture-related items because the nature, size, timing and number of acquisitions and divestitures can vary dramatically from period-to-period and between the Company and its peers, and can also obscure underlying business trends making comparisons of long-term performance difficult. Non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered in isolation from, or as a substitute for, financial information calculated in accordance with GAAP. Investors are encouraged to review the reconciliation of each non-GAAP financial measure to its most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. Throughout this discussion, references to sales growth or decline refer to the impact of both price and unit sales and references to productivity improvements generally refer to improved cost efficiencies resulting from the ongoing application of VES. 28 Table of Contents Sales Growth and Core Sales Growth 2025 vs. 2024 2024 vs. 2023 Total sales growth GAAP 6.0 % 3.4 % Impact of: Acquisitions/divestitures (0.1) % % Currency exchange rates (1.2) % 0.3 % Core sales growth (non-GAAP) 4.7 % 3.7 % 2025 Sales Compared to 2024 Total sales increased 6.0% on a year-over-year basis during 2025 as compared to 2024 primarily as a result of a 4.7% increase in core sales resulting from the factors discussed below by segment. Currency exchange rates and acquisitions, net of divestitures increased reported sales by 1.2% and 0.1%, respectively, during 2025 as compared to 2024. Price increases contributed 1.9% to sales growth on a year-over-year basis during 2025 as compared to 2024 and are reflected as a component of core sales growth above. Business Segments Sales by business segment for the years ended December 31 are as follows: ($ in millions) 2025 2024 2023 Water Quality $ 3,321 $ 3,138 $ 3,039 Product Quality Innovation 2,182 2,055 1,982 Total $ 5,503 $ 5,193 $ 5,021 Sales and operating profit at the business segment level are discussed in detail below. For information regarding the Company s sales by geographical region, refer to Note 4 to the accompanying Consolidated and Combined Financial Statements. Cost of Sales and Gross Profit Year Ended December 31 ($ in millions) 2025 2024 2023 Sales $ 5,503 $ 5,193 $ 5,021 Cost of sales (2,204) (2,088) (2,120) Gross profit $ 3,299 $ 3,105 $ 2,901 Gross profit margin 59.9 % 59.8 % 57.8 % Cost of sales increased $116 million, or 5.6%, on a year-over-year basis during 2025 as compared to 2024 driven primarily by higher year-over-year sales volumes and incremental materials and labor costs, partially offset by improved productivity. Gross profit margins increased 10 basis points on a year-over-year basis during 2025 as compared to 2024, driven by positive pricing actions and higher volume as discussed below and to a lesser extent the net positive impact from the gross profit margin of recent acquisitions. The gross profit margin increase was partially offset by incremental year-over-year materials and labor costs, and the impact of product mix. 29 Table of Contents Operating Expenses Year Ended December 31 ($ in millions) 2025 2024 2023 Sales $ 5,503 $ 5,193 $ 5,021 Selling, general and administrative ( SG A ) expenses (1,756) (1,644) (1,536) Research and development ( R D ) expenses (266) (253) (225) SG A as a % of sales 31.9 % 31.7 % 30.6 % R D as a % of sales 4.8 % 4.9 % 4.5 % SG A expenses as a percentage of sales increased 20 basis points on a year-over-year basis during 2025 as compared to 2024 primarily due to incremental labor costs and sales and marketing growth initiatives. R D expenses as a percentage of sales slightly declined by 10 basis points on a year-over-year basis during 2025 as compared to 2024. Operating Profit Performance Operating profit margins were 23.2% for the year ended December 31, 2025 as compared to 23.3% in 2024. The following factors impacted year-over-year operating profit margin comparisons. 2025 vs. 2024 operating profit margin comparisons were unfavorably impacted by: Costs incurred during 2025 related to certain strategic initiatives - 20 basis points Reduction of the tax indemnification related to the Separation from Danaher - 20 basis points The net dilutive impact during 2025 of acquisitions and dispositions - 10 basis points. 2025 vs. 2024 operating profit margin comparisons were favorably impacted by: Transaction costs incurred during 2024 related to the acquisition of TraceGains - 10 basis points Higher 2025 core sales, partially offset by incremental labor costs, sales and marketing growth initiatives, and the impact of product mix - 30 basis points WATER QUALITY The Company s Water Quality segment provides proprietary precision instrumentation, consumables, software, services and advanced water treatment technologies to help measure, analyze and treat the world s water in municipal, industrial, commercial, residential, research and natural resource applications. 30 Table of Contents Water Quality Selected Financial Data Year Ended December 31 ($ in millions) 2025 2024 2023 Sales $ 3,321 $ 3,138 $ 3,039 Operating profit 844 768 730 Depreciation 26 25 24 Amortization of intangible assets 10 16 21 Operating profit as a % of sales 25.4 % 24.5 % 24.0 % Depreciation as a % of sales 0.8 % 0.8 % 0.8 % Amortization as a % of sales 0.3 % 0.5 % 0.7 % Sales Growth and Core Sales Growth 2025 vs. 2024 2024 vs. 2023 Total sales growth GAAP 5.9 % 3.2 % Impact of: Acquisitions/divestitures (0.2) % 0.3 % Currency exchange rates (1.0) % 0.4 % Core sales growth (non-GAAP) 4.7 % 3.9 % 2025 Sales Compared to 2024 Total Water Quality segment sales increased 5.9% on a year-over-year basis during 2025 as compared to 2024 primarily as a result of core sales growth driven by the factors discussed belo w. Currency exchange rates and the impact of acquisitions, net of divestitures increased reported sales by 1.0% and 0.2%, respectively, during 2025 as compared to 2024. Geographically, the increase in reported sales was driven by an increase of 9.5% in Western Europe, 5.5% in high-growth markets, and 5.0% in North America. Price increases in the segment contributed 1.5% to sales growth on a year-over-year basis during 2025 as compared to 2024 and are reflected as a component of the change in core sales growth. Core sales in the Water Quality segment increased 4.7% on a year-over-year basis during 2025 as compared to 2024. Geographically, core sales growth was driven by increases of 5.2% in North America, 4.8% in high-growth markets, and 4.0% in Western Europe. Core sales growth in high-growth markets was driven by mid-single digit core sales increases in Latin America, partially offset by low-single digit core sales declines in China. The increase in core sales was driven primarily by the ultraviolet water disinfection and filtration business and the chemical treatment solutions business, and to a lesser extent the analytical instrumentation business. Core sales in the ultraviolet water disinfection and filtration business increased 6.0% in 2025, driven primarily by the municipal end-market. Year-over-year core sales in the chemical treatment solutions business increased 5.3% as a result of higher core sales across most major end-markets. Core sales in the analytical instrumentation business increased 4.0% as a result of increased core sales across North America and Western Europe. Operating Profit Performance Operating profit margins were 25.4% for the year ended December 31, 2025 as compared to 24.5% in 2024. The following factors impacted year-over-year operating profit margin comparisons: 2025 vs. 2024 operating profit margin comparisons were favorably impacted by: Higher 2025 core sales driven by positive pricing actions and materials cost saving initiatives, partially offset by incremental labor and raw materials costs and the impact of product mix - 100 basis points 2025 vs. 2024 operating profit margin comparisons were unfavorably impacted by: Costs incurred during 2025 related to certain strategic initiatives - 10 basis points 31 Table of Contents PRODUCT QUALITY INNOVATION The Company s Product Quality Innovation segment provides equipment, consumables, software and services for various marking and coding, traceability, printing, packaging design and quality management, packaging converting and color and appearance management applications for consumer-packaged goods and industrial products. Product Quality Innovation Selected Financial Data Year Ended December 31 ($ in millions) 2025 2024 2023 Sales $ 2,182 $ 2,055 $ 1,982 Operating profit 549 529 472 Depreciation 15 14 15 Amortization of intangible assets 26 22 27 Operating profit as a % of sales 25.2 % 25.7 % 23.8 % Depreciation as a % of sales 0.7 % 0.7 % 0.8 % Amortization as a % of sales 1.2 % 1.1 % 1.4 % Sales Growth and Core Sales Growth 2025 vs. 2024 2024 vs. 2023 Total sales growth GAAP 6.2 % 3.7 % Impact of: Acquisitions/divestitures 0.1 % (0.4) % Currency exchange rates (1.5) % % Core sales growth (non-GAAP) 4.8 % 3.3 % 2025 Sales Compared to 2024 Total Product Quality Innovation segment sales increased 6.2% on a year-over-year basis during 2025 as compared to 2024 primarily as a result of core sales growth driven by the factors discussed below. Currency exchange rates increased reported sales by 1.5% during 2025 as compared to 2024. The impact of acquisitions, net of divestitures decreased reported sales by 0.1% during 2025 as compared to 2024. Geographically, reported sales increased by 8.0% in North America, 6.6% in Western Europe, and 4.0% in high-growth markets. Price increases in the segment contributed 2.6% to sales growth on a year-over-year basis during 2025 as compared to 2024 and are reflected as a component of the change in core sales growth. Core sales in the Product Quality Innovation segment increased 4.8% on a year-over-year basis during 2025 as compared to 2024. Geographically, core sales growth was driven by increases of 5.8% in North America, 5.4% in high-growth markets, and 3.6% in Western Europe. Core sales growth in high-growth markets was driven by mid-single digit core sales increases in Latin America and mid-single digit core sales increases in China. From a product line perspective, core sales in the marking and coding business increased 5.2% on a year-over-year basis during 2025 as compared to 2024 driven by increased demand for consumables and new equipment in the industrial and consumer packaged goods end-markets. Core sales in the packaging and color solutions business increased 3.8% on a year-over-year basis during 2025 as compared to 2024 driven by increased demand across the consumer-packaged goods and industrial end-markets. Operating Profit Performance Operating profit margins were 25.2% for the year ended December 31, 2025 as compared to 25.7% in 2024. The following factors impacted year-over-year operating profit margin comparisons. 2025 vs. 2024 operating profit margin comparisons were unfavorably impacted by: The net dilutive impact during 2025 of acquisitions and dispositions - 20 basis points Incremental labor and materials costs and sales and marketing growth initiatives, partially offset by higher 2025 core sales - 50 basis points 32 Table of Contents 2025 vs. 2024 operating profit margin comparisons were favorably impacted by: Transaction costs incurred during 2024 related to the acquisition of TraceGains - 20 basis points OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE), NET For a description of the Company s other income (expense), net during the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, refer to Note 7 to the accompanying Consolidated and Combined Financial Statements. INTEREST COSTS AND FINANCING For a discussion of the Company s outstanding indebtedness, refer to Note 12 to the accompanying Consolidated and Combined Financial Statements. Net interest expense was $96 million during 2025 as compared to $113 million in 2024, arising from the Company s outstanding indebtedness, which was incurred in September 2023, partially offset by interest income from higher average cash balances in 2025 compared to 2024. INCOME TAXES General Income tax expense and deferred tax assets and liabilities reflect management s assessment of future taxes expected to be paid on items reflected in the Company s Consolidated and Combined Financial Statements. The Company records the tax effect of discrete items and items that are reported net of their tax effects in the period in which they occur. The Company s effective tax rate can be impacted by changes in the mix of earnings in countries with different statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, accruals related to contingent tax liabilities and period-to-period changes in such accruals, the results of audits and examinations of previously filed tax returns (as discussed below), the expiration of statutes of limitations, the implementation of tax planning strategies, tax rulings, court decisions, and changes in tax laws and regulations, and legislative policy changes. For a description of the tax treatment of earnings that are planned to be reinvested indefinitely outside the United States, refer to Liquidity and Capital Resources below. The following table summarizes the Company s effective tax rate: Year Ended December 31 2025 2024 2023 Effective tax rate 19.9 % 23.3 % 23.4 % The Company s effective tax rate for 2025 differs from the U.S. federal statutory rate of 21.0% due principally to the Company s earnings outside the United States that are taxed at rates different than the U.S. federal statutory rate, and state taxes, partially offset by a net discrete tax benefit of $21 million. The net discrete tax benefit related primarily to the reduction of the tax indemnification related to the Separation, excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation and a release of a valuation allowance on deferred tax assets. The Company s effective tax rate for 2024 differs from the U.S. federal statutory rate of 21.0% due principally to the Company s earnings outside the United States that are taxed at rates different than the U.S. federal statutory rate, and state taxes, partially offset by a net discrete tax provision of $6 million. The net discrete tax provision related primarily to changes in estimates associated with prior period uncertain tax positions and audit settlements offset by excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation. The Company s effective tax rate for 2023 differs from the U.S. federal statutory rate of 21.0% due principally to the Company s earnings outside the United States that are taxed at rates different than the U.S. federal statutory rate, and state taxes, partially offset by net discrete tax benefits of $12 million. The net discrete tax benefits related primarily to excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation On July 4, 2025, an act to provide for reconciliation to title II of H. Con. Res. 14 (known commonly as the One Big Beautiful Bill Act ( OBBBA )) was enacted into law. The OBBBA includes eliminating the requirement to capitalize U.S. R D, permanent extension of certain provisions of the Tax Cuts Jobs Act of 2017 and other corporate tax impacts. The Company has considered the impact on the Consolidated and Combined Financial Statements and concluded it is immaterial. 33 Table of Contents The Company conducts business globally, and the Former Parent filed numerous consolidated and separate income tax returns in the U.S. federal and state and non-U.S. jurisdictions. The non-U.S. countries in which the Company has a significant presence include Belgium, Brazil, Canada, China, Germany, the Netherlands and the United Kingdom. Excluding these non-U.S. jurisdictions, the Company believes that a change in the statutory tax rate of any individual non-U.S. country would not have a material effect on the Company s Consolidated and Combined Financial Statements given the geographic dispersion of the Company s income. The Company is routinely examined by various domestic and international taxing authorities. In connection with the Separation, the Company entered into certain agreements with Danaher, including a tax matters agreement. The tax matters agreement distinguishes between the treatment of tax matters for Joint filings compared to Separate filings prior to the Separation. Joint filings involve legal entities, such as those in the United States, that include operations from both Danaher and the Company. By contrast, Separate filings involve certain entities (primarily outside of the United States) that exclusively include either Danaher s or the Company s operations, respectively. In accordance with the tax matters agreement, Danaher is liable for and has indemnified the Company against all income tax liabilities involving Joint filings for periods prior to the Separation. The Company remains liable for certain pre-Separation income tax liabilities including those related to the Company s Separate filings. The amount of income taxes the Company pays is subject to ongoing audits by federal, state and foreign tax authorities, which often result in proposed assessments. Management performs a comprehensive review of its global tax positions on a quarterly basis. Based on these reviews, the results of discussions and resolutions of matters with certain tax authorities, tax rulings and court decisions and the expiration of statutes of limitations, reserves for contingent tax liabilities are accrued or adjusted, as necessary. For a discussion of risks related to these and other tax matters, refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors . COMPREHENSIVE INCOME Comprehensive income increased by $382 million in 2025 as compared to 2024, primarily driven by gains from foreign currency translation adjustments and to a lesser extent higher net earnings, partially offset by unrealized losses on net investment hedges and pension and post-retirement plan benefit adjustments. The Company recorded a foreign currency translation gain of $220 million and an unrealized loss on net investment hedges of $60 million in 2025, compared to foreign currency translation losses of $139 million and an unrealized gain on net investment hedges of $26 million in 2024. The foreign currency translation gains during 2025 were primarily driven by the weakening of the U.S. dollar against most major foreign currencies in the period. The foreign currency translation losses in 2024 were primarily driven by the strengthening of the U.S. dollar against most major currencies in the period. Foreign currency translation adjustments reflect the gain or loss resulting from the impact of the change in currency exchange rates on the Company s foreign operations as they are translated to the Company s reporting currency, the U.S. dollar. The Company recorded a pension and postretirement plan benefit loss of $2 million in 2025 compared to a loss of $4 million in 2024. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND RISK MANAGEMENT The Company is exposed to market risk from changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, and commodity prices as well as credit risk, each of which could impact its Consolidated and Combined Financial Statements. The Company generally addresses its exposure to these risks through its normal operating and financing activities. The Company may also use derivative financial instruments to manage foreign exchange risks and interest rate risks. In addition, the Company s broad-based business activities help to reduce the impact that volatility in any particular area or related areas may have on its financial statements as a whole. Interest Rate Risk The Company manages interest cost using a mixture of fixed-rate and at times variable-rate debt. A change in interest rates on fixed-rate debt impacts the fair value of the debt but not the Company s earnings or cash flow because the interest on such debt is fixed. Generally, the fair market value of fixed-rate debt will increase as interest rates fall and decrease as interest rates rise. As of December 31, 2025, an increase of 100 basis points in interest rates would have decreased the fair value of the Company s fixed-rate term debt by approximately $97 million. Refer to Note 13 to the accompanying Consolidated and Combined Financial Statements for discussion of the Company s cross-currency swap derivative contracts. 34 Table of Contents Currency Exchange Rate Risk The Company faces transactional exchange rate risk from transactions with customers in countries outside the United States and from intercompany transactions between affiliates. Transactional exchange rate risk arises from the purchase and sale of goods and services in currencies other than the Company s functional currency or the functional currency of its applicable subsidiary. The Company also faces translational exchange rate risk related to the translation of financial statements of its foreign operations into U.S. dollars, the Company s functional currency. Costs incurred and sales recorded by subsidiaries operating outside of the United States are translated into U.S. dollars using exchange rates effective during the respective period. As a result, the Company is exposed to movements in the exchange rates of various currencies against the U.S. dollar. In particular, the Company has more sales in European currencies than it has expenses in those currencies. Therefore, when European currencies strengthen or weaken against the U.S. dollar, operating profits are increased or decreased, respectively. The effect of a change in currency exchange rates on the Company s net investment in non-U.S. subsidiaries is reflected in the accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) component of stockholders equity. Currency exchange rates positively impacted 2025 reported sales on a year-over-year basis primarily due to the weakening of the U.S. dollar against most major currencies during 2025. Strengthening of the U.S. dollar against other major currencies compared to the exchange rates in effect as of December 31, 2025 would negatively impact the Company s sales and results of operations on an overall basis. Any further weakening of the U.S. dollar against other major currencies compared to the exchange rates in effect as of December 31, 2025 would positively impact the Company s sales and results of operations. The Company has generally accepted the exposure to exchange rate movements without using derivative financial instruments to manage this transactional exchange risk, although the Company from time to time partially hedges its net investments in foreign operations against adverse movements in exchange rates through foreign currency denominated debt and cross-currency swaps. Both positive and negative movements in currency exchange rates against the U.S. dollar will continue to affect the reported amount of sales and net earnings in the Company s Consolidated and Combined Financial Statements. In addition, the Company has assets and liabilities held in foreign currencies. A 10% depreciation in major currencies relative to the U.S. dollar as of December 31, 2025 would have reduced foreign currency-denominated net assets and equity by approximately $71 million. Refer to Note 13 to the accompanying Consolidated and Combined Financial Statements for information regarding the Company s hedging of a portion of its net investment in non-U.S. operations. Commodity Price Risk For a discussion of risks relating to commodity prices, refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors. Credit Risk The Company is exposed to potential credit losses in the event of nonperformance by counterparties to its financial instruments. Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to credit risk consist of cash and temporary investments, receivables from customers. The Company places cash and temporary investments with various high-quality financial institutions throughout the world and exposure is limited at any one institution. Although the Company typically does not obtain collateral or other security to secure these obligations, it does regularly monitor the third-party depository institutions that hold its cash and cash equivalents. The Company s emphasis is primarily on safety and liquidity of principal and secondarily on maximizing yield on those funds. In addition, concentrations of credit risk arising from receivables from customers are limited due to the diversity of the Company s customers. The Company s businesses perform credit evaluations of their customers financial conditions as deemed appropriate and also obtain collateral or other security when deemed appropriate. The Company enters into derivative transactions infrequently and typically with high-quality financial institutions, so that exposure at any one institution is limited. LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES Management assesses the Company s liquidity in terms of its ability to generate cash to fund its operating, investing and financing activities. The Company continues to generate substantial cash from operating activities and believes that its operating cash flow and other sources of liquidity will be sufficient to allow it to continue to invest in existing businesses, consummate strategic acquisitions, make interest payments on its outstanding indebtedness, and manage its capital structure on a short and long-term basis. 35 Table of Contents Shelf Registration Statement On October 24, 2024, the Company filed a shelf registration statement on Form S-3 with the SEC (the Shelf Registration Statement ) that registers an indeterminate amount of debt securities, common stock, preferred stock, depositary shares, subscription rights, purchase contracts, units and warrants that may be issued in the future in one or more offerings. Unless otherwise specified in the corresponding prospectus supplement, the Company expects to use net proceeds realized from future securities issuances off the Shelf Registration Statement for general corporate purposes, including without limitation repayment or refinancing of debt or other corporate obligations, acquisitions, capital expenditures, and working capital. Stock Repurchase Program On November 25, 2025, the Company announced that its Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program (the Repurchase Program ) authorizing the repurchase of up to $750 million of the Company s common stock from time to time on the open market (including through the use of trading plans intended to qualify under Rule 10b5-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), in privately negotiated transactions or by other methods, at the Company s discretion. The program does not obligate the Company to acquire any particular amount of its common stock, has no expiration date, and will continue until otherwise suspended or terminated at any time for any reason. The timing and amount of any share repurchases under the program will be determined by members of the Company s management based on its evaluation of market and business conditions, and other factors. During the year ended December 31, 2025, the Company did not make any share repurchases. Please see Note 17 to the accompanying Consolidated and Combined Financial Statements for further information on the Company s share repurchase program. 36 Table of Contents Overview of Cash Flows and Liquidity Following is an overview of the Company s cash flows and liquidity for the years ended December 31: ($ in millions) 2025 2024 2023 Net cash provided by operating activities $ 1,077 $ 875 $ 963 Cash paid for acquisitions, net of cash acquired $ $ (363) $ Payments for additions to property, plant and equipment (63) (55) (54) All other investing activities (35) (16) (1) Net cash used in investing activities $ (98) $ (434) $ (55) Proceeds from issuance of common stock in connection with stock-based compensation $ 22 $ 24 $ 4 Net transfers to Former Parent (147) Consideration paid to Former Parent in connection with Separation (2,600) Proceeds from borrowings (maturities longer than 90 days) 2,608 Payment of dividends (109) (89) All other financing activities (15) Net cash used in financing activities $ (102) $ (65) $ (135) Operating cash flows increased $202 million, or 23%, during 2025 as compared to 2024, primarily due to higher net income, partially offset by changes in net working capital. Net cash used in investing activities consisted primarily of capital expenditures and other investing activities, which is comprised of immaterial acquisition and disposition activity. Refer to Note 2 to the accompanying Consolidated and Combined Financial Statements included in this Annual Report for a discussion of the Company s acquisitions. Net cash used in financing activities consisted primarily of cash dividend payments, partially offset by proceeds from the issuance of common stock in connection with stock-based compensation. Net cash used in financing activities increased $37 million from 2025 to 2024 primarily as a result of increased dividend payments. Dividends The Company s board of directors authorized a quarterly dividend of $0.13 per share of Company common stock totaling $32 million that was paid on January 30, 2026 to holders of record at the close of business on December 31, 2025. Aggregate cash payments for dividends during the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 were $109 million and $89 million, respectively. There were no dividends paid during 2023. Cash and Cash Requirements As of December 31, 2025, the Company held approximately $2.0 billion of cash and cash equivalents that were on deposit with financial institutions or invested in highly liquid investment-grade debt instruments with a maturity of 90 days or less with an approximate weighted average annual interest rate of 3.7%. Of the cash and cash equivalents, approximately $870 million was held within the United States and approximately $1.1 billion was held outside of the United States. The Company will continue to have cash requirements to support general corporate purposes, which may include working capital needs, capital expenditures, acquisitions and investments, paying interest and servicing debt, paying taxes and any related interest or penalties, funding its restructuring activities and pension plans as required, paying dividends to stockholders, repurchasing shares of the Company s common stock and supporting other business needs. The Company generally intends to use available cash and internally generated funds to meet these cash requirements, but in the event that additional liquidity is required, the Company may also borrow under its commercial paper programs (if available) or borrow under the Company s Credit Facility, enter into new credit 37 Table of Contents facilities and either borrow directly thereunder or use such credit facilities to backstop additional borrowing capacity under its commercial paper programs (if available) and/or access the capital markets. The Company also may from time to time seek to access the capital markets to take advantage of favorable interest rate environments or other market conditions. Repatriation of some cash held outside the United States may be restricted by local laws. In general, repatriation of cash to the United States can be completed with no material incremental U.S. tax; however, repatriation of cash could subject the Company to non-U.S. withholding taxes and U.S. state income taxes on distributions. The cash that the Company s non-U.S. subsidiaries hold for indefinite reinvestment is generally used to finance foreign operations and investments, including acquisitions. The Company intends to permanently reinvest its foreign earnings that have not previously been subject to U.S. income tax. The Company regularly reviews plans for reinvestment or repatriation of unremitted foreign earnings and any future change in the Company s plans would require us to provide for the net tax impacts of these amounts. The potential tax implications of repatriating previously taxed earnings are driven by the facts at the time of distribution with the incremental cost to repatriate these earnings not expected to be material. As of December 31, 2025, management believes that it has sufficient sources of liquidity to satisfy its cash needs, including its cash needs in the United States. During 2025, the Company contributed $5 million to its defined benefit pension plans. During 2026, the Company s cash contribution requirements for its defined benefit pension plans are forecasted to be approximately $6 million. The ultimate amounts to be contributed depend upon, among other things, legal requirements, underlying asset returns, the plan s funded status, the anticipated tax deductibility of the contribution, local practices, market conditions, interest rates and other factors. Contractual and Other Obligations For a description of the Company s debt and lease obligations, commitments, and litigation and contingencies, refer to Notes 8, 12, 15 and 16 to the accompanying Consolidated and Combined Financial Statements. Legal Proceedings Refer to Note 16 to the accompanying Consolidated and Combined Financial Statements for information regarding legal proceedings and contingencies, and for a discussion of risks related to legal proceedings and contingencies, refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors. The Company s certificate of incorporation requires it to indemnify to the full extent authorized or permitted by law any person made, or threatened to be made a party to any action or proceeding by reason of his or her service as a director or officer of the Company, or by reason of serving at the request of the Company as a director or officer of any other entity, subject to limited exceptions. The Company s by-laws provide for similar indemnification rights. While the Company maintains insurance for this type of liability, a significant deductible applies to this coverage and any such liability could exceed the amount of the insurance coverage. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES This MD A is based upon the Company s Consolidated and Combined Financial Statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation of these financial statements requires management to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. The Company bases these estimates and judgments on historical experience, the current economic environment and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ materially from these estimates and judgments. The Company believes the following accounting estimates are most critical to an understanding of its financial statements. Estimates are considered to be critical if they meet both of the following criteria: (1) the estimate requires assumptions about material matters that are uncertain at the time the estimate is made, and (2) material changes in the estimate are reasonably likely from period-to-period. For a detailed discussion on the application of these and other accounting estimates, refer to Note 1 to the accompanying Consolidated and Combined Financial Statements. Acquired Intangible Assets The Company s business acquisitions typically result in the recognition of goodwill, customer relationships, developed technology and other intangible assets, which affect the amount of future period amortization expense and possible impairment charges that the Company may incur. The fair values of acquired intangibles are determined using information available near the acquisition date based on estimates and assumptions that are deemed reasonable by the Company. Significant assumptions include the discount rates and 38 Table of Contents certain assumptions that form the basis of the forecasted results of the acquired business including earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization ( EBITDA ), revenue, revenue growth rates, royalty rates and technology obsolescence rates. These assumptions are forward-looking and could be affected by future economic and market conditions. The Company engages third-party valuation specialists who review the Company s critical assumptions and calculations of the fair value of acquired intangible assets in connection with significant acquisitions. Refer to Notes 1, 2 and 9 to the accompanying Consolidated and Combined Financial Statements for a description of the Company s policies relating to goodwill, acquired intangibles and acquisitions. In performing its goodwill impairment testing, the Company estimates the fair value of its reporting units using a market-based approach which relies on current trading multiples of forecasted EBITDA for peer companies and recent transactions for comparable companies operating in businesses similar to each of the Company s reporting units to calculate an estimated fair value of each reporting unit. In evaluating the estimates derived by the market-based approach, management makes judgments about the relevance and reliability of the multiples by considering factors unique to its reporting units, including operating results, business plans, economic projections, anticipated future cash flows, as well as judgments about recent market sale transactions of comparable companies and the comparability of selected peer companies. There are inherent uncertainties related to these assumptions and management s judgment in applying them to the analysis of goodwill impairment. As of December 31, 2025, the Company had three reporting units for goodwill impairment testing. Reporting units resulting from recent acquisitions generally present the highest risk of impairment. Management believes the impairment risk associated with these reporting units generally decreases as these businesses are integrated into the Company and better positioned for potential future earnings growth. The Company s annual goodwill impairment analysis indicated that in all instances, the fair values of the Company s reporting units exceeded their carrying values and consequently did not result in an impairment charge. The excess of the estimated fair value over carrying value (expressed as a percentage of carrying value for the respective reporting unit) for each of the Company s reporting units as of the annual testing date ranged from approximately 104% to approximately 987%. To evaluate the sensitivity of the fair value calculations used in the goodwill impairment test, the Company applied a hypothetical 10% decrease to the fair value of each reporting unit and compared those hypothetical values to the reporting unit carrying values. Based on this hypothetical 10% decrease, the excess of the estimated fair value over carrying value (expressed as a percentage of carrying value for the respective reporting unit) for each of the Company s reporting units ranged from approximately 66% to approximately 781%. The Company reviews identified intangible assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the related carrying amounts may not be recoverable. Determining whether an impairment loss occurred for finite-lived intangibles requires a comparison of the carrying amount to the sum of undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. These analyses require management to make judgments and estimates about future revenues, expenses, market conditions and discount rates related to these assets. Indefinite-lived intangibles are subject to impairment testing at least annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that potential impairment exists. Determining whether an impairment loss occurred for indefinite-lived intangible assets involves calculating the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible assets and comparing the fair value to their carrying value. If the fair value is less than the carrying value, the difference is recorded as an impairment loss. There were no intangible asset impairment charges recorded during 2025 and 2024. Refer to Note 9 to the accompanying Consolidated and Combined Financial Statements for a description of intangible asset impairment charges recorded during 2023. If actual results are not consistent with management s estimates and assumptions, goodwill and other intangible assets may be overstated and a charge would need to be taken against net earnings which would adversely affect the Company s financial statements. Historically, the Company s estimates of goodwill and intangible assets have been materially correct. Contingent Liabilities As discussed in Item 3. Legal Proceedings and Note 16 to the accompanying Consolidated and Combined Financial Statements, the Company is, from time to time, subject to a variety of litigation and similar contingent liabilities incidental to its business (or the business operations of previously owned entities). The Company recognizes a liability for any legal contingency or contract settlement expense that is known or probable of occurrence and reasonably estimable. These assessments require judgments concerning matters such as litigation developments and outcomes, the anticipated outcome of negotiations, the number of future claims, the cost of both pending and future claims and the value of the elements in the outcome. In addition, because most contingencies are resolved over long periods of time, liabilities may change in the future due to various factors, including those discussed in Note 16 to the accompanying Consolidated and Combined Financial Statements. If the reserves established by the Company with respect to these contingent liabilities are inadequate, 39 Table of Contents the Company would be required to incur an expense equal to the amount of the loss incurred in excess of the reserves, which would adversely affect the Company s financial statements. Income Taxes For a description of the Company s income tax accounting policies, refer to Notes 1 and 6 to the accompanying Consolidated and Combined Financial Statements. The Company establishes valuation allowances for its deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax asset will not be realized. This requires management to make judgments and estimates regarding: (1) future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences (2) future taxable income exclusive of reversing temporary differences and carryforwards (3) taxable income in prior carryback year(s) if carryback is permitted under the tax law; or (4) tax-planning strategies. Future changes to tax rates would also impact the amounts of deferred tax assets and liabilities and could have an adverse impact on the Company s financial statements. The Company provides for unrecognized tax benefits when, based upon the technical merits, it is more likely than not that an uncertain tax position will not be sustained upon examination. Judgment is required in evaluating tax positions and determining income tax provisions. The Company re-evaluates the technical merits of its tax positions and may recognize an uncertain tax benefit in certain circumstances, including when: (1) a tax audit is completed; (2) applicable tax laws change, including a tax case ruling or legislative guidance; or (3) the applicable statute of limitations expires. In addition, certain of the Company s tax returns are currently under review by tax authorities (refer to Results of Operations Income Taxes and Note 6 to the accompanying Consolidated and Combined Financial Statements). Management believes the positions taken in these returns are in accordance with the relevant tax laws. However, the outcome of these audits is uncertain and could result in the Company being required to record charges for prior year tax obligations which could have a material adverse impact to the Company s financial statements, including its effective tax rate. Corporate Allocations Prior to the Separation, the Company operated as part of Danaher and not as a separate, publicly traded company. Accordingly, certain shared costs have been allocated to the Company and are reflected as expenses in the accompanying Combined Financial Statements for the period prior to the Separation. The Company considers the allocation methodologies used to be reasonable and appropriate reflections of the related expenses attributable to Veralto for purposes of the carve-out financial statements; however, the expenses reflected in these financial statements may not be indicative of the actual expenses that would have been incurred during the period prior to the Separation if Veralto had operated as a separate stand-alone entity. In addition, the expenses reflected in the financial statements for the period prior to the Separation may not be indicative of expenses that will be incurred in the future by Veralto. Refer to Note 18 to the accompanying Consolidated and Combined Financial Statements for a description of corporate allocations and related party transactions. NEW ACCOUNTING STANDARDS For a discussion of the new accounting standards impacting the Company, refer to Note 1 to the accompanying Consolidated and Combined Financial Statements. SEPARATION FROM DANAHER In connection with the Separation, on September 29, 2023, Danaher and Veralto entered into a separation and distribution agreement as well as various other related agreements (collectively the Agreements ) that govern the Separation and the relationships between the parties going forward, including a transition services agreement, employee matters agreement, tax matters agreement, intellectual property matters agreement, VES license agreement, and framework agreement governing certain commercial arrangements between subsidiaries of Danaher and Veralto. Before the Separation, the Company was dependent upon Danaher for all of its working capital and financing requirements under Danaher s centralized approach to cash management and financing of operations of its subsidiaries. Because the Company was part of Danaher during the nine-month period ended September 29, 2023, only cash, cash equivalents and borrowings clearly associated with Veralto and related to the Separation were included in the Combined Financial Statements. Other financial transactions relating to the business operations of the Company during the period were accounted for through the Net Former Parent investment account of the Company. As a result of the Separation, the Company no longer participates in Danaher s cash management and financing operations. The accompanying Consolidated and Combined Financial Statements present the historical financial position, results of operations, changes in stockholders equity and cash flows of the Company in accordance with generally 40 Table of Contents accepted accounting principles in the United States ( GAAP ). The Combined Financial Statements for periods prior to the Separation were derived from Danaher s consolidated financial statements and accounting records and prepared in accordance with GAAP for the preparation of carved-out combined financial statements. Prior to the Separation, all revenues and costs as well as assets and liabilities directly associated with Veralto have been included in the Combined Financial Statements. Additionally, the Combined Financial Statements for periods prior to the Separation included allocations of certain general, administrative, sales and marketing expenses and cost of sales from Danaher s corporate office and from other Danaher businesses to Veralto, and allocations of related assets, liabilities, and the Former Parent s investment, as applicable. The allocations were determined on a reasonable basis; however, the amounts are not necessarily representative of the amounts that would have been reflected in the financial statements had the Company been an entity that operated independently of Danaher during the applicable periods. Accordingly, the Consolidated and Combined Financial Statements for the period prior to the Separation may not be indicative of Veralto s results had the Company been a separate stand-alone entity. For further discussion of related party allocations prior to the Separation, including the method for such allocation, refer to Note 18 to the accompanying Consolidated and Combined Financial Statements. Following the Separation, the Consolidated Financial Statements include the accounts of Veralto and those of the Company s wholly-owned subsidiaries and no longer include any allocations from Danaher. ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK The information required by this item is included under Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 41 Table of Contents ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA Report of Management on Veralto Corporation s Internal Control Over Financial Reporting The management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The Company s management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025. In making this assessment, the Company s management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission ( COSO ) in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013 framework). Based on this assessment, management concluded that, as of December 31, 2025, the Company s internal control over financial reporting is effective. The Company s independent registered public accounting firm has issued an audit report on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. This report dated February 20, 2026 appears on page 46 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 42 Table of Contents Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Veralto Corporation Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting We have audited Veralto Corporation s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Veralto Corporation (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025, based on the COSO criteria. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, the related consolidated and combined statements of earnings, comprehensive income, stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2025, and the related notes and schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a) and our report dated February 20, 2026 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. Basis for Opinion The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Report of Management on Veralto Corporation s Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. /s/ Ernst Young LLP Philadelphia, Pennsylvania February 20, 2026 43 Table of Contents Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Veralto Corporation Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Veralto Corporation (the Company) as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, the related consolidated and combined statements of earnings, comprehensive income, stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2025, and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a) (collectively referred to as the consolidated and combined financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated and combined financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2025 and 2024, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2025, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework), and our report dated February 20, 2026 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matter The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated and combined financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the account or disclosure to which it relates. 44 Table of Contents Goodwill Impairment Description of the Matter As described in Note 9 to the consolidated and combined financial statements, goodwill is tested for impairment at least annually, or more frequently if indicators of potential goodwill impairment exists, at the reporting unit level. Total goodwill as of December 31, 2025 was $2.8 billion. To estimate the fair value of each reporting unit, the Company used the market approach based on trading multiples of earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA). The Company did not record any impairment of the carrying value of goodwill during the year ended December 31, 2025. Auditing management s goodwill impairment test for the Company s reporting units was challenging and judgmental due to the estimation required to determine the fair value of the reporting units. In particular, the fair value estimates related to the identification of peer companies to derive the trading EBITDA multiples involved a high degree of management subjectivity. How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company s process to estimate the fair value of each reporting unit. For example, we tested controls over the appropriateness of assumptions management used and over the completeness and accuracy of the identification of peer companies. To test the estimated fair value of the Company s reporting units, our audit procedures included, among others, testing the significant assumptions used in the Company s analyses, as well as testing the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data. For example, we compared the significant assumptions to third-party industry and economic data, and to the historical results of the Company s reporting units. We performed sensitivity analyses of certain assumptions to evaluate the changes in the fair values of the reporting units that would result from changes in key assumptions. We also involved internal valuation specialists to assist in our evaluation of the identification of peer companies used by the Company. In addition, we tested management s reconciliation of the fair values of its reporting units to the market capitalization of the Company. /s/ Ernst Young LLP We have served as the Company s auditor since 2022. Philadelphia, Pennsylvania February 20, 2026 45 Table of Contents VERALTO CORPORATION CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS ($ in millions, except per share amounts) As of December 31 2025 2024 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents $ 2,031 $ 1,101 Trade accounts receivable, less allowance for credit losses of $ 36 and $ 37 , respectively 897 812 Inventories 307 288 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 197 186 Total current assets 3,432 2,387 Property, plant and equipment, net 294 268 Other long-term assets 605 523 Goodwill 2,838 2,693 Other intangible assets, net 524 535 Total assets $ 7,693 $ 6,406 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities: Current portion of long-term debt $ 700 $ Trade accounts payable 416 395 Accrued expenses and other liabilities 940 850 Total current liabilities 2,056 1,245 Other long-term liabilities 558 517 Long-term debt 1,973 2,599 Stockholders Equity: Preferred stock - $ 0.01 par value as of December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, 15 million shares authorized as of both dates; and 0 shares issued and outstanding as of both dates Common stock - $ 0.01 par value as of December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, 1.0 billion shares authorized as of both dates; and 248.4 million shares and 247.4 million shares issued and outstanding, respectively 2 2 Additional paid-in capital 2,272 2,190 Retained earnings 1,744 917 Accumulated other comprehensive loss ( 913 ) ( 1,071 ) Total Veralto stockholders equity 3,105 2,038 Noncontrolling interests 1 7 Total stockholders equity 3,106 2,045 Total liabilities and stockholders equity $ 7,693 $ 6,406 See the accompanying Notes to the Consolidated and Combined Financial Statements. 46 Table of Contents VERALTO CORPORATION CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED STATEMENTS OF EARNINGS ($ and shares in millions, except per share amounts) Year Ended December 31 2025 2024 2023 Sales $ 5,503 $ 5,193 $ 5,021 Cost of sales ( 2,204 ) ( 2,088 ) ( 2,120 ) Gross profit 3,299 3,105 2,901 Operating costs: Selling, general and administrative expenses ( 1,756 ) ( 1,644 ) ( 1,536 ) Research and development expenses ( 266 ) ( 253 ) ( 225 ) Operating profit 1,277 1,208 1,140 Nonoperating income (expense): Other income (expense), net ( 8 ) ( 9 ) ( 14 ) Interest expense, net ( 96 ) ( 113 ) ( 30 ) Earnings before income taxes 1,173 1,086 1,096 Income taxes ( 233 ) ( 253 ) ( 257 ) Net earnings $ 940 $ 833 $ 839 Net earnings per common share: Basic $ 3.79 $ 3.37 $ 3.41 Diluted $ 3.76 $ 3.34 $ 3.40 Average common stock and common equivalent shares outstanding: Basic 248.3 247.3 246.4 Diluted 250.3 249.6 246.8 See the accompanying Notes to the Consolidated and Combined Financial Statements. 47 Table of Contents VERALTO CORPORATION CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME ($ in millions) Year Ended December 31 2025 2024 2023 Net earnings $ 940 $ 833 $ 839 Other comprehensive income (loss), net of income taxes: Foreign currency translation adjustments 220 ( 139 ) 29 Pension and postretirement plan benefit adjustments ( 2 ) ( 4 ) ( 15 ) Unrealized gain (loss) on net investment hedges ( 60 ) 26 ( 14 ) Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of income taxes 158 ( 117 ) Comprehensive income $ 1,098 $ 716 $ 839 See the accompanying Notes to the Consolidated and Combined Financial Statements. 48 Table of Contents VERALTO CORPORATION CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY ($ and shares in millions) Common Stock Shares Amount Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings Net Former Parent Investment Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Noncontrolling Interests January 1, 2023 $ $ $ $ 4,189 $ ( 954 ) $ 5 Net earnings for the year 200 639 Dividends declared ( 22 ) Recapitalization 246.3 2 ( 2 ) Consideration paid to Former Parent in connection with Separation ( 2,600 ) Net transfers to Former Parent ( 147 ) Noncash adjustments to Former Parent's investment, net 2,114 ( 2,114 ) Former parent stock-based compensation activity 35 Stock-based deferred compensation award activity 20 Common stock-based award activity 23 Change in noncontrolling interests 1 December 31, 2023 246.3 $ 2 $ 2,157 $ 178 $ $ ( 954 ) $ 6 Net earnings for the year 833 Dividends declared ( 94 ) Separation related adjustments ( 55 ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ( 117 ) Common stock-based award activity 1.1 88 Change in noncontrolling interests 1 December 31, 2024 247.4 $ 2 $ 2,190 $ 917 $ $ ( 1,071 ) $ 7 49 Table of Contents VERALTO CORPORATION CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (CONTINUED) ($ and shares in millions) Common Stock Shares Amount Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings Net Former Parent Investment Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Noncontrolling Interests Net earnings for the year $ $ $ 940 $ $ $ Dividends declared ( 113 ) Separation related adjustments ( 9 ) Other comprehensive income (loss) 158 Common stock-based award activity 1.0 97 Change in noncontrolling interests 3 Purchase of noncontrolling interests ( 6 ) ( 9 ) December 31, 2025 248.4 $ 2 $ 2,272 $ 1,744 $ $ ( 913 ) $ 1 See the accompanying Notes to the Consolidated and Combined Financial Statements. 50 Table of Contents VERALTO CORPORATION CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS ($ in millions) Year Ended December 31 2025 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net earnings $ 940 $ 833 $ 839 Noncash items: Depreciation 42 40 39 Amortization of intangible assets 36 38 48 Stock-based compensation expense 74 65 55 Loss on product line dispositions 6 15 Impairments and other charges 6 15 Change in deferred income taxes ( 49 ) ( 74 ) ( 25 ) Change in trade accounts receivable, net ( 50 ) 3 2 Change in inventories ( 6 ) 3 52 Change in trade accounts payable 8 ( 29 ) ( 1 ) Change in prepaid expenses and other assets ( 40 ) ( 48 ) ( 54 ) Change in accrued expenses and other liabilities 110 29 ( 7 ) Net cash provided by operating activities 1,077 875 963 Cash flows from investing activities: Cash paid for acquisitions, net of cash acquired ( 363 ) Payments for additions to property, plant and equipment ( 63 ) ( 55 ) ( 54 ) All other investing activities ( 35 ) ( 16 ) ( 1 ) Net cash used in investing activities ( 98 ) ( 434 ) ( 55 ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from issuance of common stock in connection with stock-based compensation 22 24 4 Net transfers to Former Parent ( 147 ) Consideration paid to Former Parent in connection with Separation ( 2,600 ) Payment of dividends ( 109 ) ( 89 ) Proceeds from borrowings (maturities longer than 90 days) 2,608 All other financing activities ( 15 ) Net cash used in financing activities ( 102 ) ( 65 ) ( 135 ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 53 ( 37 ) ( 11 ) Net change in cash and cash equivalents 930 339 762 Beginning balance of cash and cash equivalents 1,101 762 Ending balance of cash and cash equivalents $ 2,031 $ 1,101 $ 762 Supplemental disclosures: Cash interest payments $ 138 $ 137 $ Cash income tax payments $ 235 $ 293 $ 113 See the accompanying Notes to the Consolidated and Combined Financial Statements. 51 Table of Contents VERALTO CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS NOTE 1. BUSINESS AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES Veralto Corporation s ( Veralto, the Company, we, us, or our ) unifying purpose is Safeguarding the World s Most Vital Resources TM . The Company s diverse group of associates and leading operating companies provide essential technology solutions that monitor, enhance and protect key resources around the globe. The Company is committed to the advancement of public health and safety and believes it is positioned to support its customers as they address large global challenges including environmental resource sustainability, water scarcity, management of severe weather events, food and pharmaceutical security, and the impact of an aging workforce. Through its core offerings in water analytics, water treatment, marking and coding and packaging and color, customers look to the Company s solutions to help ensure the safety, quality, efficiency and reliability of their products, processes and people globally. The Company operates through two segments Water Quality ( WQ ) and Product Quality Innovation ( PQI ). Through the Water Quality segment, the Company improves the quality and reliability of water through its leading brands Hach, Trojan Technologies and ChemTreat. Through the Product Quality Innovation segment, the Company promotes consumer trust in products and helps enable product innovation through leading brands including Videojet, Linx, Esko, X-Rite and Pantone. Prior to the Company s separation from Danaher Corporation ( Danaher or Former Parent ), on September 29, 2023 (the Separation ), Veralto s businesses were comprised of Danaher s Environmental Applied Solutions segment. Refer to Note 18 for additional information regarding the Separation. The accompanying Consolidated and Combined Financial Statements present the Company s historical financial position, results of operations, changes in stockholders equity and cash flows in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ). Accounting Principles The accompanying financial statements have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. The Consolidated and Combined Financial Statements include the accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated upon consolidation. The Consolidated and Combined Financial Statements also reflect the impact of noncontrolling interests. Noncontrolling interests do not have a significant impact on the Company s consolidated earnings before income taxes, therefore earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests are not presented separately in the Company s Consolidated and Combined Statements of Earnings. Earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests have been reflected in selling, general and administrative expenses and were insignificant in all periods presented. Reclassifications of certain prior year amounts have been made to conform to the current year presentation. Use of Estimates The preparation of these financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. The Company bases these estimates on historical experience, the current economic environment and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. However, uncertainties associated with these estimates exist and actual results may differ materially from these estimates. Cash and Cash Equivalents The Company considers all highly liquid investments with a maturity of three months or less at the date of purchase to be cash equivalents. Accounts Receivable and Allowances for Credit Losses All trade accounts, contract and finance receivables are reported on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets adjusted for any write-offs and net of allowances for credit losses. The allowances for credit losses represent management s best estimate of the expected future credit losses from the Company s trade accounts, contract and finance receivable portfolios. Determination of the allowances requires management to exercise judgment about the timing, frequency and severity of credit losses that could materially affect the provision for credit losses and, therefore, net earnings. The Company regularly performs detailed reviews of its portfolios to determine if an impairment has occurred and evaluates the collectability of receivables based on a combination of various financial and qualitative factors that may affect customers ability to pay, including customers financial condition, collateral, debt-servicing ability, past payment experience and credit bureau information. In circumstances where the Company is aware of a specific customer s inability to meet its financial obligations, a specific reserve is recorded against amounts due to reduce the recognized receivable to the amount reasonably expected to be collected. Additions to the allowances for credit losses are charged to current period earnings, amounts determined to be uncollectible are charged directly against the allowances, while amounts recovered on previously written-off accounts increase the allowances. If the financial condition of the Company s customers were to deteriorate, resulting in an impairment of their ability to make payments, additional reserves 52 Table of Contents would be required. The Company does not believe that trade accounts receivable represents significant concentrations of credit risk because of the diversified portfolio of individual customers and geographical areas. The Company s allowance for credit losses as of December 31, 2025 reflects the Company s best estimate of the expected future losses for its accounts receivables; however, these estimates may change and future actual losses may differ from the Company s estimates. The Company will continue to monitor economic conditions and will revise the estimates of the expected future losses for accounts receivable as necessary. The Company recorded $ 6 million, $ 9 million and $ 10 million of expense associated with credit losses for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Included in the Company s trade accounts receivable and other long-term assets as of December 31, 2025 and 2024 are $ 193 million and $ 165 million of net aggregate financing receivables, respectively. All financing receivables are evaluated for impairment based on individual customer credit profiles. Inventories Inventories include the costs of material, labor and overhead. Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realizable value primarily using the first-in, first-out method. The classes of inventory as of December 31 are summarized as follows: ($ in millions) 2025 2024 Finished goods $ 130 $ 122 Work in process 45 39 Raw materials 132 127 Total $ 307 $ 288 Prepaid Expenses and Other Current Assets Prepaid expenses and other current assets primarily result from advance payments to vendors for goods and services and are capitalized until the related goods are received or services are performed. Included in the Company s prepaid expenses and other current assets as of December 31, 2025 and 2024 are prepaid expenses of $ 141 million and $ 110 million, respectively. Property, Plant and Equipment Property, plant and equipment are carried at cost. The provision for depreciation has been computed principally by the straight-line method based on the estimated useful lives of the depreciable assets as follows: Category Useful Life Buildings 30 years Leased assets and leasehold improvements Amortized over the lesser of the economic life of the asset or the term of the lease Machinery and equipment 3 10 years Customer-leased instruments 5 10 years Estimated useful lives are periodically reviewed and, when appropriate, changes to estimates are made prospectively. The classes of property, plant and equipment as of December 31 are summarized as follows: ($ in millions) 2025 2024 Land and improvements $ 18 $ 16 Buildings 229 208 Machinery and equipment 543 502 Customer-leased equipment 30 27 Gross property, plant and equipment 820 753 Less: accumulated depreciation ( 526 ) ( 485 ) Property, plant and equipment, net $ 294 $ 268 Investments Equity investments in common stock or in-substance common stock for which the Company has a significant influence but not a controlling interest, are accounted for using the equity method of accounting which requires the Company to record its initial investment at cost and adjust the balance each period for the Company s share of the investee s income or loss and dividends paid. For securities without readily available fair values, the 53 Table of Contents Company has elected the measurement alternative to record these investments at cost and to adjust for impairments and observable price changes with a same or similar security from the same issuer within net earnings (the Fair Value Alternative ). Additionally, the Company is a limited partner in a partnership that invests in start-up companies. While the partnership records these investments at fair value, the Company s investment in the partnership is accounted for under the equity method of accounting. Investments for which the Company does not have the ability to significantly influence the operating decisions of the investee, or for which the investment is in securities other than common stock or in-substance common stock are accounted for using the cost method. For investments accounted for under the cost method that do not have readily determinable fair values, the Company measures them at cost minus impairment, if any, plus or minus changes resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions for the identical or a similar investment of the same issuer. The Company made minority investments in equity method investments and non-marketable equity securities totaling $ 7 million and $ 15 million in 2025 and 2024, respectively. Non-controlling investments made in 2025 and 2024 are included in other long-term assets. The C ompany made no such investments in 2023. No significant realized or unrealized gains or losses were recorded in 2025, 2024 or 2023 with respect to these investments. The Company recorded net realized and unrealized gains and losses, as well as impairments in other income (expense), net, in the accompanying Consolidated and Combined Statements of Earnings. Refer to Note 7 for additional information. Other Assets Other assets principally include noncurrent financing receivables, noncurrent deferred tax assets, operating lease right-of-use assets, other investments and a tax indemnification asset as a result of the Separation from Danaher. Fair Value of Financial Instruments The Company s financial instruments consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents, trade accounts receivable, cross-currency swaps, obligations under trade accounts payable and short and long-term debt. Due to their short-term nature, the carrying values for cash and cash equivalents, trade accounts receivable and trade accounts payable approximate fair value. Refer to Note 10 for the fair values of the Company s long-term debt, cross-currency swaps and other obligations. Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets Goodwill and other intangible assets result from the Company s acquisition of existing businesses. In accordance with accounting standards related to business combinations, goodwill is not amortized; however, certain finite-lived identifiable intangible assets, primarily customer relationships and acquired technology, are amortized over their estimated useful lives. Intangible assets with indefinite lives are not amortized. The Company reviews identified intangible assets and goodwill for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the related carrying amounts may not be recoverable. The Company also tests intangible assets with indefinite lives and goodwill for impairment at least annually. Refer to Notes 2 and 9 for additional information about the Company s goodwill and other intangible assets. Revenue Recognition The Company derives revenues primarily from the sale of Water Quality and Product Quality Innovation products and services. Revenue is recognized when control of the promised products or services is transferred to the Company s customers, in an amount that reflects the consideration the Company expects to be entitled to in exchange for those products or services (the transaction price). A performance obligation is a promise in a contract to transfer a distinct product or service to a customer and is the unit of account under Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers. For equipment and consumables sold by the Company, control transfers to the customer at a point in time. To indicate the transfer of control, the Company must have a present right to payment, legal title must have passed to the customer, the customer must have the significant risks and rewards of ownership, and where acceptance is not a formality, the customer must have accepted the product or service. The Company s principal terms of sale are Free On Board ( FOB ) Shipping Point, or equivalent, and the Company records revenue for these product sales upon transfer of control to the customer, which may occur at shipment. For those FOB Shipping Point arrangements where risk of loss is not transferred until delivery, the Company transfers control and records revenue upon delivery of the product to the customer. Sales arrangements with delivery terms that are not FOB Shipping Point are not recognized upon shipment and the transfer of control for revenue recognition is evaluated based on the associated shipping terms and customer obligations. If a performance obligation to the customer with respect to a sales transaction remains to be fulfilled following shipment (typically installation or acceptance by the customer), revenue recognition for that performance obligation is deferred until such commitments have been fulfilled. Returns for products sold are estimated and recorded as a reduction of revenue at the time of sale. Customer allowances and rebates, consisting primarily of volume discounts and other short-term incentive programs, are recorded as a reduction of revenue at the time of sale because these allowances reflect a reduction in the transaction price. 54 Table of Contents Product returns, customer allowances and rebates are estimated based on historical experience and known trends. For extended warranty and service, control transfers to the customer over the term of the arrangement. Revenue for extended warranty and service is recognized based upon the period of time elapsed under the arrangement. Revenue for other long-term contracts is generally recognized based upon the cost-to-cost method, which measures costs incurred relative to total estimated costs, provided that the Company meets the criteria associated with transferring control of the good or service over time. Certain of the Company s revenues relate to sales-type leases ( STL ) and operating-type lease ( OTL ) arrangements. Leases are outside the scope of ASC 606 and are therefore accounted for in accordance with ASC 842, Leases . Equipment lease revenue for STL arrangements is recognized upon lease commencement. Equipment lease revenue for OTL agreements is recognized on a straight-line basis over the life of the lease, and the cost of customer-leased equipment is recorded within property, plant and equipment in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets and depreciated over the equipment s estimated useful life. Depreciation expense associated with the leased equipment under OTL arrangements is reflected in cost of sales in the accompanying Consolidated and Combined Statements of Earnings. For a contract with multiple performance obligations, the Company allocates the contract s transaction price to each performance obligation on a relative standalone selling price basis using the Company s best estimate of the standalone selling price of each distinct product or service in the contract. The primary method used to estimate standalone selling price is the price observed in standalone sales to customers. Allocation of the transaction price is determined at the contracts inception. Shipping and Handling Shipping and handling costs are included as a component of cost of sales. Revenue derived from shipping and handling costs billed to customers is included in sales. Advertising Advertising costs are expensed as incurred. Research and Development The Company conducts research and development activities for the purpose of developing new products, enhancing the functionality, effectiveness, ease of use and reliability of the Company s existing products and expanding the applications for which uses of the Company s products are appropriate. Research and development costs are expensed as incurred. Income Taxes Income taxes for the Company are accounted for under the asset and liability method. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the carrying amounts of existing asse