=== [ER] edgar_0001967680-26-000023_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 vlto-20260428xex991.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 Veralto Reports First Quarter 2026 Results WALTHAM, Mass., (April 28, 2026) Veralto (NYSE VLTO) (the Company ), a global leader in essential water and product quality solutions dedicated to Safeguarding the World's Most Vital Resources , announced results for the first quarter ended April 3, 2026. Key First Quarter 2026 Results Sales increased 6.7% year-over-year to $1,422 million, with non-GAAP core sales growth of 1.9% Operating profit margin was 23.8% and non-GAAP adjusted operating profit margin was 25.1% Net earnings were $254 million, or $1.02 per diluted common share Non-GAAP, adjusted net earnings were $266 million, or $1.07 per diluted common share Operating cash flow was $182 million and non-GAAP free cash flow was $170 million Capital allocation of $1 billion year-to-date Completed strategic acquisitions of In-Situ and GlobalVision (1) for $620 million Repurchased $300 million shares, or 1.3% of outstanding shares (2) Initiated cost optimization program (1) to streamline business processes and enhance operating efficiency Expect to incur a charge of $85 to $105 million and yield annual savings of $65 to $75 million by 2028 We are off to a strong start in 2026, reflecting the effectiveness of the Veralto Enterprise System, the essential role of our products and services in customers operations, and the resilience of our end markets, said Jennifer L. Honeycutt, President and Chief Executive Officer. In the first quarter, we delivered approximately 7% sales growth and 13% adjusted earnings per share growth while continuing to invest in commercial execution, productivity and innovation. Thus far this year, we have invested approximately $1 billion on strategic acquisitions and opportunistic share repurchases. Additionally, we initiated a new cost optimization program designed to enhance operating efficiency and further strengthen our competitive position. These actions underscore the strength of our free cash flow profile, our continuous improvement mindset and our ability to create shareholder value through multiple, disciplined levers, Honeycutt added. Going forward, our balance sheet remains strong, providing flexibility to pursue additional acquisitions and share repurchases. Looking ahead, we expect core sales growth to accelerate as the year progresses. Reflecting this momentum and our strong first quarter, we raised our full year adjusted earnings per share guidance to a range of $4.20 to $4.28 per share, concluded Honeycutt. (1) Indicates subsequent event that occurred after the first quarter (2) 1.3% is calculated off the Company s outstanding shares as of February 13, 2026 2026 Guidance The Company provides forecasted sales guidance on a non-GAAP basis because of the difficulty in estimating the other components of GAAP sales, such as currency translation, acquisitions, and divestitures. For the second quarter of 2026, Veralto anticipates non-GAAP core sales growth in the range of 3.0% to 4.0% year-over-year with adjusted operating profit margin of approximately 23.5%, or flat to the prior year period, and adjusted diluted earnings per share in the range of $0.96 to $1.00 per share. 1 For the full year 2026, the Company anticipates non-GAAP core sales growth in the range of 3.0% to 4.5% year-over-year with adjusted operating profit margin expansion of approximately 25 basis points. The Company raised its guidance for adjusted diluted earnings per share to a range of $4.20 to $4.28, up from the prior guidance range of $4.10 to $4.20 per share. Guidance for free cash flow conversion was increased to approximately 100% of GAAP net earnings. Conference Call and Webcast Information Veralto will webcast its first quarter 2026 earnings conference call tomorrow starting at 7 30 a.m. (ET). Access to the webcast, slide presentation and prepared remarks will be available on the Investors section of Veralto s website, www.veralto.com, under the subheading News Events and additional materials will be posted to the same section of Veralto s website. A replay of the webcast will be available in the same section of Veralto s website shortly after the conclusion of the call and will remain available until the next quarterly earnings call. The conference call can be accessed by dialing +1 (800) 343-4849 (U.S.) or +1 (203) 518-9848 (INTL) (Conference ID VLTO1Q26). A replay of the conference call will be available shortly after the conclusion of the call and until May 8, 2026. You can access the replay dial-in information on the Investors section of Veralto s website under the subheading News Events. For more information about the acquisitions referenced in this new release, please visit the Investors section of Veralto s website, www.veralto.com, under the subheading News Events. ABOUT VERALTO With annual sales of approximately $5.5 billion, Veralto is a global leader in essential technology solutions with a proven track record of solving some of the most complex challenges we face as a society. Our industry-leading companies with globally recognized brands help billions of people around the world access clean water, safe food and trusted essential goods. Headquartered in Waltham, Massachusetts, our global team of approximately 17,000 associates is committed to making an enduring positive impact on our world and united by a powerful purpose Safeguarding the World's Most Vital Resources . NON-GAAP MEASURES AND SUPPLEMENTAL MATERIALS In addition to the financial measures prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), this earnings release also contains non-GAAP financial measures. Calculations of these measures, the reasons why we believe these measures provide useful information to investors, a reconciliation of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, as applicable, and other information relating to these non-GAAP measures are included in the supplemental reconciliation schedule attached. In addition, this earnings release, the slide presentation accompanying the related earnings call, non-GAAP reconciliations and a note containing details of historical and anticipated, future financial performance have been posted to the Investors section of Veralto s website (www.veralto.com) under the subheading Quarterly Earnings. FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS Certain statements in this release, including the statement regarding the Company's anticipated second quarter and full year

=== [ER] edgar_0001967680-26-000003_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 vlto-202625xex991.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 VERALTO REPORTS FOURTH QUARTER AND FULL YEAR 2025 RESULTS WALTHAM, Mass., (February 3, 2026) Veralto (NYSE VLTO) (the Company ), a global leader in essential water and product quality solutions dedicated to Safeguarding the World's Most Vital Resources , announced results for the fourth quarter ended December 31, 2025. Key Fourth Quarter 2025 Results Sales increased 3.8% year-over-year to $1,396 million, with non-GAAP core sales growth of 1.6% Operating profit margin was 22.6% and non-GAAP adjusted operating profit margin was 24.6% Net earnings were $254 million, or $1.01 per diluted common share Non-GAAP, adjusted net earnings were $261 million, or $1.04 per diluted common share Operating cash flow was $311 million and non-GAAP free cash flow was $291 million Key Full Year 2025 Results Sales increased 6.0% year-over-year to $5,503 million, with non-GAAP core sales growth of 4.7% Operating profit margin was 23.2% and non-GAAP adjusted operating profit margin was 24.3% Net earnings were $940 million, or $3.76 per diluted common share Non-GAAP, adjusted net earnings were $977 million, or $3.90 per diluted common share Operating cash flow was $1,077 million and non-GAAP free cash flow was $1,014 million Our team finished 2025 with another strong quarter, capping off an outstanding year for Veralto. Throughout 2025, our rigorous, VES-driven execution helped us serve customers in a dynamic macro-economic environment with increased operating efficiency across Veralto, said Jennifer L. Honeycutt, President and Chief Executive Officer. For the full year, we delivered mid-single-digit core sales growth, double-digit adjusted earnings per share growth and over one billion dollars of free cash flow. Honeycutt continued, In late January, we completed the acquisition of In-Situ, expanding our world-class water analytics portfolio into the high growth environmental water and hydrology markets. In addition, during the fourth quarter we established a $750 million share repurchase program and announced an 18% increase in our dividend. Going forward, we remain excited about numerous opportunities to create value for shareholders through strategic growth and disciplined capital allocation. Entering 2026, we are confident that the enduring need to safeguard the global supply of clean water and safe food will continue to underpin steady demand for our products and services across our key industrial, municipal and consumer packaged goods end markets. Combined with our durable business model and rigorous deployment of VES, we expect to deliver another year of core sales growth and continued margin expansion, with mid-to-high single digit adjusted earnings per share growth, concluded Honeycutt. 2026 Guidance The Company provides forecasted sales guidance on a non-GAAP basis because of the difficulty in estimating the other components of GAAP sales, such as currency translation, acquisitions, and divestitures. For the first quarter of 2026, Veralto anticipates that non-GAAP core sales growth will be flat to low-single digits year-over-year with adjusted operating profit margin of approximately 24.5% and adjusted diluted earnings per share in the range of $0.97 to $1.01 per share. For the full year 2026, the Company anticipates that non-GAAP core sales will grow low-to-mid-single digits year-over-year and that adjusted operating profit margin will expand by approximately 25 basis points year-over-year. 1 The Company is targeting adjusted diluted earnings per share in the range of $4.10 to $4.20 with free cash flow conversion of approximately 100% of GAAP net earnings. Conference Call and Webcast Information Veralto will discuss its fourth quarter results and financial guidance for 2026 during its quarterly investor conference call tomorrow starting at 8 30 a.m. (ET). Access to the call, webcast and an accompanying slide presentation will be available on the Investors section of Veralto s website, www.veralto.com, under the subheading News Events and additional materials will be posted to the same section of Veralto s website. A replay of the webcast will be available in the same section of Veralto s website shortly after the conclusion of the call and will remain available until the next quarterly earnings call. The conference call can be accessed by dialing +1 (800) 267-6316 (U.S.) or +1 (203) 518-9783 (INTL) (Conference ID VLTO4Q25). A replay of the conference call will be available shortly after the conclusion of the call and until February 18, 2026. You can access the replay dial-in information on the Investors section of Veralto s website under the subheading News Events. ABOUT VERALTO With annual sales of approximately $5.5 billion, Veralto is a global leader in essential technology solutions with a proven track record of solving some of the most complex challenges we face as a society. Our industry-leading companies with globally recognized brands help billions of people around the world access clean water, safe food and trusted essential goods. Headquartered in Waltham, Massachusetts, our global team of approximately 17,000 associates is committed to making an enduring positive impact on our world and united by a powerful purpose Safeguarding the World's Most Vital Resources . NON-GAAP MEASURES AND SUPPLEMENTAL MATERIALS In addition to the financial measures prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), this earnings release also contains non-GAAP financial measures. Calculations of these measures, the reasons why we believe these measures provide useful information to investors, a reconciliation of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, as applicable, and other information relating to these non-GAAP measures are included in the supplemental reconciliation schedule attached. In addition, this earnings release, the slide presentation accompanying the related earnings call, non-GAAP reconciliations and a note containing details of historical and anticipated, future financial performance have been posted to the Investors section of Veralto s website (www.veralto.com) under the subheading Quarterly Earnings. FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS Certain statements in this release, including the statement regarding the Company's anticipated first quarter and full year 2026 financial performance, the Company s differentiation and positioning to continue delivering sustainable, long-term shareholder

=== [ER] edgar_0001967680-25-000135_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 vlto-20251028xex991.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 Veralto Reports Third Quarter 2025 Results WALTHAM, Mass., (October 28, 2025) Veralto (NYSE VLTO) (the Company ), a global leader in essential water and product quality solutions dedicated to Safeguarding the World's Most Vital Resources , announced results for the third quarter ended October 3, 2025. Key Third Quarter 2025 Results Sales increased 6.9% year-over-year to $1,404 million, with non-GAAP core sales growth of 5.1% Operating profit margin was 23.2% and non-GAAP adjusted operating profit margin was 23.9% Net earnings were $239 million, or $0.95 per diluted common share Non-GAAP, adjusted net earnings were $247 million, or $0.99 per diluted common share Operating cash flow was $270 million and non-GAAP free cash flow was $258 million In both the third quarter and the first nine months of 2025, we delivered mid-single digit core sales growth and double-digit earnings per share growth through strong commercial performance, disciplined operating execution and rigorous deployment of the Veralto Enterprise System. These results underscore our ability to successfully navigate a dynamic macro environment, particularly with respect to changes in global trade policies. Our consistent growth this year is also a testament to our durable business model and the critical role our technologies and services play in supporting the daily operations of our customers, said Jennifer L. Honeycutt, President and Chief Executive Officer. Broadly speaking, customer demand across our key end markets was as expected in the third quarter. Our financial position continued to strengthen, and we have ample flexibility to invest in organic and inorganic opportunities, in-line with our disciplined approach to capital allocation. Looking back at our first two years as a public company, I m extremely proud of our global team for the steady growth and improvement we ve achieved, a reflection of our high-performance culture at Veralto, concluded Honeycutt. 2025 Guidance The Company provides forecasted sales only on a non-GAAP basis because of the difficulty in estimating the other components of GAAP sales, such as currency translation, acquisitions, and divestitures. For the fourth quarter of 2025, Veralto anticipates that non-GAAP core sales will grow low-single-digits year-over-year with adjusted diluted earnings per share in the range of $0.95 to $0.98 per share. For the full year 2025, the Company raised its adjusted earnings per share guidance range to $3.82 to $3.85 per share, up from its prior guidance range of $3.72 to $3.80 per share. This full year guidance assumes mid-single-digit core sales growth, with adjusted operating profit margin expansion in the range of flat to +25 basis points year-over-year. The Company also raised its full-year free cash flow conversion guidance to approximately 100%. Conference Call and Webcast Information Veralto will discuss its third quarter results and financial guidance for 2025 during its quarterly investor conference call tomorrow starting at 8 30 a.m. (ET). Access to the call, webcast and an accompanying slide presentation will be available on the Investors section of Veralto s website, www.veralto.com, under the subheading News Events and additional materials will be posted to the same section of Veralto s website. A replay of the webcast will be available in the same section of Veralto s website shortly after the conclusion of the call and will remain available until the next quarterly earnings call. The conference call can be accessed by dialing +1 (833) 316-2483 (U.S.) or +1 (785) 838-9284 (INTL) (Conference ID VLTO3Q25). A replay of the conference call will be available shortly after the conclusion of the call and until 1 November 7, 2025. You can access the replay dial-in information on the Investors section of Veralto s website under the subheading News Events. ABOUT VERALTO With annual sales of over $5 billion, Veralto is a global leader in essential technology solutions with a proven track record of solving some of the most complex challenges we face as a society. Our industry-leading companies with globally recognized brands help billions of people around the world access clean water, safe food and trusted essential goods. Headquartered in Waltham, Massachusetts, our global team of nearly 17,000 associates is committed to making an enduring positive impact on our world and united by a powerful purpose Safeguarding the World's Most Vital Resources . NON-GAAP MEASURES AND SUPPLEMENTAL MATERIALS In addition to the financial measures prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), this earnings release also contains non-GAAP financial measures. Calculations of these measures, the reasons why we believe these measures provide useful information to investors, a reconciliation of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, as applicable, and other information relating to these non-GAAP measures are included in the supplemental reconciliation schedule attached. In addition, this earnings release, the slide presentation accompanying the related earnings call, non-GAAP reconciliations and a note containing details of historical and anticipated, future financial performance have been posted to the Investors section of Veralto s website (www.veralto.com) under the subheading Quarterly Earnings. FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS Certain statements in this release, including the statement regarding the Company's anticipated fourth quarter and full year 2025 financial performance, the Company s differentiation and positioning to continue delivering sustainable, long-term shareholder value and any other statements regarding events or developments that we believe or anticipate will or may occur in the future are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. All statements other than historical factual information are forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, statements regarding projections of revenue, expenses, profit, profit margins, asset values, pricing, tax rates, tax provisions, cash flows, pension and benefit obligations and funding requirements, Veralto s liquidity position or other projected financial measures Veralto s management s plans and strategies for future operations, including statements relating to anticipated operating performance, customer demand, cost reductions, restructuring activities, new 

=== [ER] edgar_0001967680-25-000124_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 vlto-20250728xex991.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 Veralto Reports Second Quarter 2025 Results WALTHAM, Mass., (July 28, 2025) Veralto (NYSE VLTO) (the Company ), a global leader in essential water and product quality solutions dedicated to Safeguarding the World's Most Vital Resources announced results for the second quarter ended July 4, 2025. Key Second Quarter 2025 Results Sales increased 6.4% year-over-year to $1,371 million, with non-GAAP core sales growth of 4.8% Operating profit margin was 22.8% and non-GAAP adjusted operating profit margin was 23.7% Net earnings were $222 million, or $0.89 per diluted common share Non-GAAP, adjusted net earnings were $232 million, or $0.93 per diluted common share Operating cash flow was $339 million and non-GAAP free cash flow was $323 million We delivered a strong second quarter led by outstanding commercial execution and steady, broad-based customer demand. Our rigorous application of the Veralto Enterprise System continued to support global growth and operating discipline, while also helping mitigate impacts from changes in global trade policies, said Jennifer L. Honeycutt, President and Chief Executive Officer. Through the first half, we grew core sales mid-single-digits, expanded adjusted operating profit margins and delivered double-digit adjusted earnings per share growth. These results are a testament to the focused efforts of our global team, our durable business model and secular growth drivers across our end markets, Based on our first half performance, stable demand across our end markets and our current assessment of macro-economic conditions, we raised our full year core sales growth and adjusted earnings per share guidance. Veralto s financial position remains strong, and we continue to be prudent in evaluating capital allocation opportunities to fuel long-term shareholder value, concluded Honeycutt. 2025 Guidance The Company provides forecasted sales only on a non-GAAP basis because of the difficulty in estimating the other components of GAAP sales, such as currency translation, acquisitions, and divestitures. The guidance below includes the Company s current assessment of the macro-economic environment, including tariffs and the Company s actions to mitigate adverse financial impacts. For the third quarter of 2025, Veralto anticipates that non-GAAP core sales will grow mid-single-digits year-over-year with adjusted diluted earnings per share in the range of $0.91 to $0.95 per share. For the full year 2025, the Company raised its adjusted earnings per share guidance range to $3.72 to $3.80 per share, up from its prior guidance range of $3.60 to $3.70 per share. The Company also increased its full year core sales growth assumption to mid-single-digits, up from its prior assumption of low-to-mid-single-digits. The Company maintained its expectation for full year adjusted operating profit margin expansion in the range of flat to +50 basis points year-over-year and for its free cash flow conversion in the range of 90% to 100%. Conference Call and Webcast Information Veralto will discuss its second quarter results and financial guidance for 2025 during its quarterly investor conference call tomorrow starting at 8 30 a.m. (ET). Access to the call, webcast and an accompanying slide presentation will be available on the Investors section of Veralto s website, www.veralto.com, under the subheading News Events and additional materials will be posted to the same section of Veralto s website. A replay of the webcast will be available in the same section of Veralto s website shortly after the conclusion of the call and will remain available until the next quarterly earnings call. 1 The conference call can be accessed by dialing +1 (800) 343-4136 (U.S.) or +1 (203) 518-9843 (INTL) (Conference ID VLTO2Q25). A replay of the conference call will be available shortly after the conclusion of the call and until August 7, 2025. You can access the replay dial-in information on the Investors section of Veralto s website under the subheading News Events. ABOUT VERALTO With annual sales of over $5 billion, Veralto is a global leader in essential technology solutions with a proven track record of solving some of the most complex challenges we face as a society. Our industry-leading companies with globally recognized brands help billions of people around the world access clean water, safe food and trusted essential goods. Headquartered in Waltham, Massachusetts, our global team of nearly 17,000 associates is committed to making an enduring positive impact on our world and united by a powerful purpose Safeguarding the World's Most Vital Resources . NON-GAAP MEASURES AND SUPPLEMENTAL MATERIALS In addition to the financial measures prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), this earnings release also contains non-GAAP financial measures. Calculations of these measures, the reasons why we believe these measures provide useful information to investors, a reconciliation of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, as applicable, and other information relating to these non-GAAP measures are included in the supplemental reconciliation schedule attached. In addition, this earnings release, the slide presentation accompanying the related earnings call, non-GAAP reconciliations and a note containing details of historical and anticipated, future financial performance have been posted to the Investors section of Veralto s website (www.veralto.com) under the subheading Quarterly Earnings. FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS Certain statements in this release, including statements regarding the Company's third quarter and full year 2025 financial performance and guidance, the Company s differentiation and positioning to continue delivering sustainable, long-term shareholder value and any other statements regarding events or developments that we believe or anticipate will or may occur in the future are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. All statements other than historical factual information are forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, statements regarding projections of revenue, expenses, profit, profit margins, asset values, pricing, tax rates, tax provisions, cash flows, pension and benefit obligations and funding requirements, Veralto s liquidity position or other projected financial measures Veralto s management s plans and strategies for

=== [ER] edgar_0001967680-25-000066_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 vlto-20250429xex991.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 Veralto Reports First Quarter 2025 Results WALTHAM, Mass., (April 29, 2025) Veralto (NYSE VLTO) (the Company ), a global leader in essential water and product quality solutions dedicated to Safeguarding the World's Most Vital Resources announced results for the first quarter ended April 4, 2025. Key First Quarter 2025 Results Sales increased 6.9% year-over-year to $1,332 million, with non-GAAP core sales growth of 7.8% Operating profit margin was 24.2% and non-GAAP adjusted operating profit margin was 25.0% Net earnings were $225 million, or $0.90 per diluted common share Non-GAAP, adjusted net earnings were $237 million, or $0.95 per diluted common share Operating cash flow was $157 million and non-GAAP free cash flow was $142 million We delivered excellent first quarter results across the enterprise driven by disciplined execution in both segments. Building off the operating momentum generated last year, we achieved strong core sales growth, solid margin expansion and double-digit adjusted earnings per share growth. Our commercial teams executed on strategic initiatives to gain new customers and increase market penetration, while also capitalizing on favorable demand across our key end markets and geographies, said Jennifer L. Honeycutt, President and Chief Executive Officer. Our core sales growth in the first quarter was broad-based across Product Quality and Innovation (PQI) and Water Quality. In PQI, positive trends in consumer-packaged goods markets supported growth across both our marking and coding business, and digital workflow solutions in our packaging and color business. In Water Quality, we continued to drive robust growth of our water treatment solutions in North America, complemented by steady growth of our water analytics globally, including double-digit growth in Europe, continued Honeycutt. In response to changes in the global economic landscape, our team has implemented several countermeasures to mitigate the impact of tariffs and enhance our operational flexibility. Based on these countermeasures and currently known factors, we are reaffirming our full year 2025 adjusted earnings per share guidance. We remain confident that the Veralto Enterprise System will enable us to navigate on-going changes in the macroeconomic environment with agility and discipline, while helping our customers deliver clean water, safe food and trusted essential goods. Furthermore, we believe the essential nature of our products, our durable business model and the secular growth drivers across our end markets position us to create value for all stakeholders over both the short and long-term, concluded Honeycutt. 2025 Guidance The Company provides forecasted sales only on a non-GAAP basis because of the difficulty in estimating the other components of GAAP sales, such as currency translation, acquisitions, and divestitures. The guidance below includes the Company s current assessment of the macro-economic environment, including tariffs and the Company s actions to mitigate adverse financial impacts. For the second quarter of 2025, Veralto anticipates that non-GAAP core sales will grow low-to-mid single-digits year-over-year with adjusted diluted earnings per share in the range of $0.84 to $0.88 per share. For the full year 2025, the Company reaffirmed its adjusted earnings per share guidance in the range of $3.60 to $3.70 with free cash flow conversion in the range of 90% to 100%. This assumes core sales growth in the low-to-mid single digits and adjusted operating profit margin expansion in the range of flat to +50 basis points on a year-over-year basis. 1 Conference Call and Webcast Information Veralto will discuss its first quarter results and financial guidance for 2025 during its quarterly investor conference call tomorrow starting at 8 30 a.m. (ET). Access to the call, webcast and an accompanying slide presentation will be available on the Investors section of Veralto s website, www.veralto.com, under the subheading News Events and additional materials will be posted to the same section of Veralto s website. A replay of the webcast will be available in the same section of Veralto s website shortly after the conclusion of the call and will remain available until the next quarterly earnings call. The conference call can be accessed by dialing +1 (800) 343-4136 (U.S.) or +1 (203) 518-9843 (INTL) (Conference ID VLTO1Q25). A replay of the conference call will be available shortly after the conclusion of the call and until May 9, 2025. You can access the replay dial-in information on the Investors section of Veralto s website under the subheading News Events. ABOUT VERALTO With annual sales of over $5 billion, Veralto is a global leader in essential technology solutions with a proven track record of solving some of the most complex challenges we face as a society. Our industry-leading companies with globally recognized brands help billions of people around the world access clean water, safe food and trusted essential goods. Headquartered in Waltham, Massachusetts, our global team of nearly 17,000 associates is committed to making an enduring positive impact on our world and united by a powerful purpose Safeguarding the World's Most Vital Resources . NON-GAAP MEASURES AND SUPPLEMENTAL MATERIALS In addition to the financial measures prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), this earnings release also contains non-GAAP financial measures. Calculations of these measures, the reasons why we believe these measures provide useful information to investors, a reconciliation of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, as applicable, and other information relating to these non-GAAP measures are included in the supplemental reconciliation schedule attached. In addition, this earnings release, the slide presentation accompanying the related earnings call, non-GAAP reconciliations and a note containing details of historical and anticipated, future financial performance have been posted to the Investors section of Veralto s website (www.veralto.com) under the subheading Quarterly Earnings. FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS Certain statements in this release, including statements regarding the Company's second quarter and full year 2025 financial performance and guidance, the Company s differentiation and positioning to continue delivering sustainable, long-term shareholder value and any o

=== [ER] edgar_0001967680-25-000002_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 vlto-202525xex991.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 VERALTO REPORTS FOURTH QUARTER AND FULL YEAR 2024 RESULTS WALTHAM, Mass., (February 4, 2025) Veralto (NYSE VLTO) (the Company ), a global leader in essential water and product quality solutions dedicated to Safeguarding the World's Most Vital Resources announced results for the fourth quarter ended December 31, 2024. Key Fourth Quarter 2024 Results Sales increased 4.4% year-over-year to $1,345 million, with non-GAAP core sales growth of 4.6% Operating profit margin was 22.9% and non-GAAP adjusted operating profit margin was 23.8% Net earnings were $227 million, or $0.91 per diluted common share Non-GAAP, adjusted net earnings were $238 million, or $0.95 per diluted common share Operating cash flow was $285 million and non-GAAP free cash flow was $263 million Key Full Year 2024 Results Sales increased 3.4% year-over-year to $5,193 million, with non-GAAP core sales growth of 3.7% Operating profit margin was 23.3% and non-GAAP adjusted operating profit margin was 24.1% Net earnings were $833 million, or $3.34 per diluted common share Non-GAAP, adjusted net earnings were $883 million, or $3.54 per diluted common share Operating cash flow was $875 million and non-GAAP free cash flow was $820 million Our fourth quarter results were highlighted by mid-single-digit core sales growth across both segments, robust cash generation and the acquisition of TraceGains, said Jennifer L. Honeycutt, President and Chief Executive Officer. This capped off a strong full-year performance in which our talented team, powered by the Veralto Enterprise System, executed well on our strategic priorities and delivered core sales growth, margin expansion and adjusted earnings per share above our initial guidance. Honeycutt continued, From an end market perspective, demand continued to strengthen throughout 2024 highlighted by industrial water treatment in North America and the recovery of consumer-packaged goods markets globally. We begin 2025 with a stronger financial position and a more positive view of our end markets relative to 2024. We believe the durability of our businesses, fortified by the Veralto Enterprise System, will enable us to successfully navigate a globally dynamic macroeconomic environment. For the full year 2025, we are targeting low-to-mid single digit core sales growth with another year of margin expansion and strong cash generation. Over the long term, we expect to drive value creation through disciplined capital allocation, with a bias towards acquisitions that enhance our ability to help customers deliver clean water, safe food and trusted essential goods, concluded Honeycutt. 2025 Guidance The Company provides forecasted sales only on a non-GAAP basis because of the difficulty in estimating the other components of GAAP sales, such as currency translation, acquisitions, and divestitures. For the first quarter of 2025, Veralto anticipates that non-GAAP core sales will grow low-to-mid-single digits year-over-year with adjusted operating profit margin between 24.0% and 24.5% and adjusted diluted earnings per share in the range of $0.84 to $0.88 per share. For the full year 2025, the Company anticipates that non-GAAP core sales will grow low-to-mid-single digits year-over-year and that adjusted operating profit margin will expand 25 to 50 basis points year-over-year. The Company is targeting adjusted diluted earnings per share in the range of $3.60 to $3.70 with free cash flow conversion in the range of 90% to 100% of GAAP net earnings. 1 Conference Call and Webcast Information Veralto will discuss its fourth quarter results and financial guidance for 2025 during its quarterly investor conference call tomorrow starting at 8 30 a.m. (ET). Access to the call, webcast and an accompanying slide presentation will be available on the Investors section of Veralto s website, www.veralto.com, under the subheading News Events and additional materials will be posted to the same section of Veralto s website. A replay of the webcast will be available in the same section of Veralto s website shortly after the conclusion of the call and will remain available until the next quarterly earnings call. The conference call can be accessed by dialing +1 (800) 343-4136 (U.S.) or +1 (203) 518-9843 (INTL) (Conference ID VLTO4Q24). A replay of the conference call will be available shortly after the conclusion of the call and until February 19, 2025. You can access the replay dial-in information on the Investors section of Veralto s website under the subheading News Events. ABOUT VERALTO With annual sales of over $5 billion, Veralto is a global leader in essential technology solutions with a proven track record of solving some of the most complex challenges we face as a society. Our industry-leading companies with globally recognized brands help billions of people around the world access clean water, safe food and trusted essential goods. Headquartered in Waltham, Massachusetts, our global team of nearly 17,000 associates is committed to making an enduring positive impact on our world and united by a powerful purpose Safeguarding the World's Most Vital Resources . NON-GAAP MEASURES AND SUPPLEMENTAL MATERIALS In addition to the financial measures prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), this earnings release also contains non-GAAP financial measures. Calculations of these measures, the reasons why we believe these measures provide useful information to investors, a reconciliation of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, as applicable, and other information relating to these non-GAAP measures are included in the supplemental reconciliation schedule attached. In addition, this earnings release, the slide presentation accompanying the related earnings call, non-GAAP reconciliations and a note containing details of historical and anticipated, future financial performance have been posted to the Investors section of Veralto s website (www.veralto.com) under the subheading Quarterly Earnings. FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS Certain statements in this release, including the statement regarding the Company's anticipated first quarter and full year 2025 financial performance, the Company s differentiation and positioning to continue delivering sustainable, long-term shareholder value and any other statements regarding events or developments that we believe or anticipate will or may occur in the future are fo

=== [ER] edgar_0001967680-24-000135_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 vlto-20241023xex991.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 VERALTO REPORTS THIRD QUARTER 2024 RESULTS WALTHAM, Mass., (October 23, 2024) Veralto (NYSE VLTO) (the Company ), a global leader in essential water and product quality solutions dedicated to Safeguarding the World's Most Vital Resources announced results for the third quarter ended September 27, 2024. Key Third Quarter 2024 Results Sales increased 4.7% year-over-year to $1,314 million, with non-GAAP core sales growth of 4.6% Operating profit margin was 23.4% and non-GAAP adjusted operating profit margin was 24.1% Net earnings were $219 million, or $0.88 per diluted common share Non-GAAP, adjusted net earnings were $223 million, or $0.89 per diluted common share Operating cash flow was $224 million and non-GAAP free cash flow was $215 million Our teams across the world executed well and delivered another quarter of strong performance with mid-single digit core sales growth, robust margin expansion and strong cash generation. These results once again demonstrate the durability of our businesses, underpinned by global demand for clean water, safe food and trusted essential goods, said Jennifer L. Honeycutt, President and Chief Executive Officer. The growth in Q3 was broad-based across key end markets and regions, highlighted by continued strong demand for industrial water treatment in North America and gradual recovery across consumer-packaged goods markets globally. Our culture of continuous improvement, powered by the Veralto Enterprise System, has fortified our growth and strengthened our execution this year, while also enabling increased investments in sales, marketing and innovation to create future value. Following our strong third quarter performance, we acquired TraceGains, a complementary addition to our packaging and color solutions. TraceGains expands our ability to provide greater value to consumer brands by helping them digitize critical workflows and accelerate time-to-market. Its recurring revenue, robust core sales growth, and attractive gross margins strengthen the financial profile of our PQI segment. Moreover, TraceGains focus on increasing food safety is squarely aligned with our purpose -- Safeguarding the World s Most Vital Resources , concluded Honeycutt. 2024 Guidance The Company provides forecasted sales only on a non-GAAP basis because of the difficulty in estimating the other components of GAAP sales, such as currency translation, acquisitions, and divestitures. For the fourth quarter of 2024, Veralto anticipates non-GAAP core sales growth in the low-to-mid single-digits year-over-year with adjusted operating profit margin of approximately 24.0% and adjusted diluted earnings per share in the range of $0.86 to $0.90 per share. For the full year 2024, the Company expects core sales growth in the low single-digits with adjusted operating profit margin expansion of approximately 75 basis points. The Company raised its full year guidance for adjusted diluted earnings per share to a range of $3.44 to $3.48, up from its prior guidance of $3.37 to $3.45 per share. Free cash flow conversion guidance was maintained at a range of 100% to 110%. Conference Call and Webcast Information Veralto will discuss its third quarter results and updated financial guidance for 2024 during its quarterly investor conference call tomorrow starting at 8 30 a.m. (ET). Access to the call, webcast and an accompanying slide presentation will be available on the Investors section of Veralto s website, www.veralto.com, under the subheading News Events and additional materials will be posted to the same section of Veralto s website. A replay of the webcast will be available in the same section of Veralto s website shortly after the conclusion of the call and will remain available until the next quarterly earnings call. The conference call can be accessed by dialing +1 (800) 274-8461 (U.S.) or +1 (203) 518-9843 (INTL) (Conference ID VLTO3Q24). A replay of the conference call will be available shortly after the conclusion of the call and until November 9, 2024. You can access the replay dial-in information on the Investors section of Veralto s website under the subheading News Events. 1 ABOUT VERALTO With annual sales of $5 billion, Veralto is a global leader in essential technology solutions with a proven track record of solving some of the most complex challenges we face as a society. Our industry-leading companies with globally recognized brands are building on a long-established legacy of innovation and customer trust to create a safer, cleaner, more vibrant future. Headquartered in Waltham, Massachusetts, our global team of 16,000 associates is committed to making an enduring positive impact on our world and united by a powerful purpose Safeguarding the World's Most Vital Resources . NON-GAAP MEASURES AND SUPPLEMENTAL MATERIALS In addition to the financial measures prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), this earnings release also contains non-GAAP financial measures. Calculations of these measures, the reasons why we believe these measures provide useful information to investors, a reconciliation of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, as applicable, and other information relating to these non-GAAP measures are included in the supplemental reconciliation schedule attached. In addition, this earnings release, the slide presentation accompanying the related earnings call, non-GAAP reconciliations and a note containing details of historical and anticipated, future financial performance have been posted to the Investors section of Veralto s website ( www.veralto.com ) under the subheading Quarterly Earnings. FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS Certain statements in this release, including the statement regarding the Company's anticipated fourth quarter and full year 2024 financial performance, the Company s differentiation and positioning to continue delivering sustainable, long-term shareholder value and any other statements regarding events or developments that we believe or anticipate will or may occur in the future are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. All statements other than historical factual information are forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, statements regarding projections of revenue, expenses, profit, profit margins, tax rates, tax provisions, cash flows, pension and benefit obligations and fundi

=== [ER] edgar_0001967680-24-000109_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 vlto-2024725xex991.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 Veralto Reports Second Quarter 2024 Results WALTHAM, Mass., (July 25, 2024) Veralto (NYSE VLTO) (the Company ), a global leader in essential water and product quality solutions dedicated to Safeguarding the World's Most Vital Resources , announced results for the second quarter ended June 28, 2024. Key Second Quarter 2024 Results Sales increased 2.8% year-over-year to $1,288 million, with non-GAAP core sales growth of 3.8% Operating profit margin was 23.2% and non-GAAP adjusted operating profit margin was 24.0% Net earnings were $203 million, or $0.81 per diluted common share Non-GAAP, adjusted net earnings were $213 million, or $0.85 per diluted common share Operating cash flow was $251 million and non-GAAP free cash flow was $240 million Jennifer L. Honeycutt, President and Chief Executive Officer, stated, Our second quarter performance reflects the durability of our businesses fortified by strong commercial and operational execution. We delivered core sales growth across both segments led by positive volume, and price increases in-line with historical levels. Additionally, we continued to expand margins at both segments through strong operational leverage, improved productivity and cost optimization. Increased rigor deploying the Veralto Enterprise System has helped drive growth, expand margins and ensure we deliver on our commitments. Honeycutt continued, From an end market perspective, in Water Quality we are capitalizing on strong secular growth drivers across industrial markets and steady demand from municipalities. And in PQI, we are encouraged by on-going recovery in consumer-packaged goods markets, improved sentiment from brand owners and strong bookings during the quarter in our packaging and color solutions business. Today we raised our full year adjusted earnings per share guidance to reflect stronger operational execution and an incrementally more positive view of our end markets. As we look longer term, we remain committed to creating value through steady, durable core sales growth, continuous improvement and disciplined capital allocation, concluded Honeycutt. 2024 Guidance The Company provides forecasted sales only on a non-GAAP basis because of the difficulty in estimating the other components of GAAP sales, such as currency translation, acquisitions, and divestitures. For the third quarter of 2024, Veralto anticipates non-GAAP core sales growth in the low-to-mid single-digits year-over-year with adjusted operating profit margin of approximately 23.5% and adjusted diluted earnings per share in the range of $0.82 to $0.86 per share. For the full year 2024, the Company maintained its core sales growth target of low single-digits and raised its target for adjusted operating profit margin expansion to 75 basis points, up from 50-75 basis points year-over-year. The Company also raised its guidance for adjusted diluted earnings per share to a range of $3.37 to $3.45, up from its prior guidance of $3.25 to $3.34 per share. Its free cash flow conversion guidance was maintained at a range of 100% to 110%. Conference Call and Webcast Information Veralto will discuss its second quarter results and updated financial guidance for 2024 during its quarterly investor conference call tomorrow starting at 8 30 a.m. (ET). Access to the call, webcast and an accompanying slide presentation will be available on the Investors section of Veralto s website, www.veralto.com, under the subheading News Events and additional materials will be posted to the same section of Veralto s website. A replay of the webcast will be available in the same section of Veralto s website shortly after the conclusion of the call and will remain available until the next quarterly earnings call. The conference call can be accessed by dialing +1 (800) 343-4136 (U.S.) or +1 (203) 518-9708 (INTL) (Conference ID VLTO2Q24). A replay of the conference call will be available shortly after the conclusion of the call and until August 9, 2024. You can access the replay dial-in information on the Investors section of Veralto s website under the subheading News Events. 1 ABOUT VERALTO With annual sales of $5 billion, Veralto is a global leader in essential technology solutions with a proven track record of solving some of the most complex challenges we face as a society. Our industry-leading companies with globally recognized brands are building on a long-established legacy of innovation and customer trust to create a safer, cleaner, more vibrant future. Headquartered in Waltham, Massachusetts, our global team of 16,000 associates is committed to making an enduring positive impact on our world and united by a powerful purpose Safeguarding the World's Most Vital Resources . NON-GAAP MEASURES AND SUPPLEMENTAL MATERIALS In addition to the financial measures prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), this earnings release also contains non-GAAP financial measures. Calculations of these measures, the reasons why we believe these measures provide useful information to investors, a reconciliation of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, as applicable, and other information relating to these non-GAAP measures are included in the supplemental reconciliation schedule attached. In addition, this earnings release, the slide presentation accompanying the related earnings call, non-GAAP reconciliations and a note containing details of historical and anticipated, future financial performance have been posted to the Investors section of Veralto s website ( www.veralto.com ) under the subheading Quarterly Earnings. FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS Certain statements in this release, including the statement regarding the Company's anticipated third quarter and full year 2024 financial performance, the Company s differentiation and positioning to continue delivering sustainable, long-term shareholder value and any other statements regarding events or developments that we believe or anticipate will or may occur in the future are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. All statements other than historical factual information are forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, statements regarding projections of revenue, expenses, profit, profit margins, tax rates, tax provisions, cash flows, pension and benefit obligations and funding requirements, Veralto s liquidity position o

=== [ER] edgar_0001967680-24-000058_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 vlto-2024423xex991.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 VERALTO REPORTS FIRST QUARTER 2024 RESULTS WALTHAM, Mass., (April 23, 2024) Veralto (NYSE VLTO) (the Company ), a global leader in essential water and product quality solutions dedicated to Safeguarding the World's Most Vital Resources announced results for the first quarter ended March 29, 2024. Key First Quarter 2024 Results Sales increased 1.8% year-over-year to $1,246 million, with non-GAAP core sales growth of 1.8% Operating profit margin was 23.5% and non-GAAP adjusted operating profit margin was 24.5% Net earnings were $184 million, or $0.74 per diluted common share Non-GAAP, adjusted net earnings were $209 million, or $0.84 per diluted common share Operating cash flow was $115 million and non-GAAP free cash flow was $102 million Jennifer L. Honeycutt, President and Chief Executive Officer, stated, Our first quarter results reflect our culture of continuous improvement and demonstrate our ability to deliver on commitments. Year-over-year core sales growth was led by continued strength within industrial markets in our Water Quality segment, and aggregate price increases in-line with historical levels. Additionally, we delivered strong operating margin expansion and high-single digit earnings growth while continuing to invest in our future. In our Water Quality segment, we continue to see positive secular growth drivers across industrial markets, particularly in North America, along with steady demand at municipalities. And in our Product Quality and Innovation segment, we are seeing modest signs of recovery in consumer-packaged goods markets. Moving forward, we remain focused on driving commercial excellence, continuous improvement and disciplined capital allocation to create shareholder value while Safeguarding the World s Most Vital Resources . concluded Honeycutt. 2024 Guidance The Company provides forecasted sales only on a non-GAAP basis because of the difficulty in estimating the other components of GAAP sales, such as currency translation, acquisitions, and divestitures. For the second quarter of 2024, Veralto anticipates non-GAAP core sales growth in the low-single digits with adjusted operating profit margin of approximately 23% and adjusted diluted earnings per share in the range of $0.75 to $0.80 per share. For the full year 2024, the Company continues to anticipate that non-GAAP core sales will grow low-single digits year-over-year and that adjusted operating profit margin will expand 50 to 75 basis points year-over-year. The Company increased its target for adjusted diluted earnings per share to a range of $3.25 to $3.34, up from its prior guidance of $3.20 to $3.30 per share and increased its estimate for free cash flow conversion to a range of 100% to 110%, up from its prior guidance of 100%. Conference Call and Webcast Information Veralto will discuss its first quarter results and updated financial guidance for 2024 during its quarterly investor conference call tomorrow starting at 8 30 a.m. (ET). Access to the call, webcast and an accompanying slide presentation will be available on the Investors section of Veralto s website, www.veralto.com, under the subheading News Events and additional materials will be posted to the same section of Veralto s website. A replay of the webcast will be available in the same section of Veralto s website shortly after the conclusion of the call and will remain available until the next quarterly earnings call. The conference call can be accessed by dialing +1 (800) 579-2543 (U.S.) or +1 (785) 424-1789 (INTL) (Conference ID VLTO1Q24). A replay of the conference call will be available shortly after the conclusion of the call and until May 8, 2024. You can access the replay dial-in information on the Investors section of Veralto s website under the subheading News Events. 1 ABOUT VERALTO With annual sales of $5 billion, Veralto is a global leader in essential technology solutions with a proven track record of solving some of the most complex challenges we face as a society. Our industry-leading companies with globally recognized brands are building on a long-established legacy of innovation and customer trust to create a safer, cleaner, more vibrant future. Headquartered in Waltham, Massachusetts, our global team of 16,000 associates is committed to making an enduring positive impact on our world and united by a powerful purpose Safeguarding the World's Most Vital Resources . NON-GAAP MEASURES AND SUPPLEMENTAL MATERIALS In addition to the financial measures prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), this earnings release also contains non-GAAP financial measures. Calculations of these measures, the reasons why we believe these measures provide useful information to investors, a reconciliation of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, as applicable, and other information relating to these non-GAAP measures are included in the supplemental reconciliation schedule attached. In addition, this earnings release, the slide presentation accompanying the related earnings call, non-GAAP reconciliations and a note containing details of historical and anticipated, future financial performance have been posted to the Investors section of Veralto s website ( www.veralto.com ) under the subheading Quarterly Earnings. FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS Certain statements in this release, including the statement regarding the Company's anticipated second quarter and full year 2024 financial performance, the Company s differentiation and positioning to continue delivering sustainable, long-term shareholder value and any other statements regarding events or developments that we believe or anticipate will or may occur in the future are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. All statements other than historical factual information are forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, statements regarding projections of revenue, expenses, profit, profit margins, tax rates, tax provisions, cash flows, pension and benefit obligations and funding requirements, Veralto s liquidity position or other financial measures Veralto s management s plans and strategies for future operations, including statements relating to anticipated operating performance, cost reductions, restructuring activities, new product and service developments, competitive strengths or market position, acquisitions and the inte

=== [ER] edgar_0001967680-24-000005_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 vlto-202426xex991.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 VERALTO REPORTS FOURTH QUARTER AND FULL YEAR 2023 RESULTS WALTHAM, Mass., (February 6, 2024) Veralto (NYSE VLTO) (the Company ), a global leader in essential water and product quality solutions dedicated to Safeguarding the World's Most Vital Resources announced results for the fourth quarter ended December 31, 2023. Key Fourth Quarter 2023 Results Sales increased 3.3% year-over-year to $1,288 million, with non-GAAP core sales growth of 1.7% Operating profit margin was 22.2% and non-GAAP adjusted operating profit margin was 23.8% Net earnings were $200 million, or $0.81 per diluted common share Non-GAAP, adjusted net earnings were $215 million, or $0.87 per diluted common share Operating cash flow was $263 million and non-GAAP free cash flow was $241 million Key Full Year 2023 Results Sales increased 3.1% year-over-year to $5,021 million, with non-GAAP core sales growth of 2.6% Operating profit margin was 22.7% and non-GAAP adjusted operating profit margin was 23.3% Net earnings were $839 million, or $3.40 per diluted common share Non-GAAP, adjusted net earnings were $787 million, or $3.19 per diluted common share Operating cash flow was $963 million and non-GAAP free cash flow was $911 million Jennifer L. Honeycutt, President and Chief Executive Officer, stated, 2023 was a historic year for Veralto as we successfully executed our separation from Danaher and delivered a record level of sales, high-single digit earnings growth and strong free cash flow in a dynamic macro-economic environment. I m proud of our team for their resilient effort to grow and improve our business, support our customers and help ensure the safety of global water, food and medicine supply chains. Honeycutt continued, We finished 2023 with a strong fourth quarter delivering core sales growth in both segments, solid operating margin expansion and robust free cash flow generation. From an end market perspective, we saw continued growth across industrial markets in our Water Quality segment and early signs of stabilization in consumer-packaged goods markets in our Product Quality Innovation segment during the fourth quarter. As we begin 2024, we are in a strong financial position and are cautiously optimistic about the recent trends in our end markets. Over the long term, we remain focused on compounding earnings and cash flow through steady core sales growth, continuous operating improvement and value accretive acquisitions that yield attractive returns. We are unwavering in our commitment to create value for shareholders by Safeguarding the World s Most Vital Resources and driving an enduring, positive impact on our world, concluded Honeycutt. 2024 Guidance The Company provides forecasted sales only on a non-GAAP basis because of the difficulty in estimating the other components of GAAP sales, such as currency translation, acquisitions, and divestitures. For the first quarter of 2024, Veralto anticipates that non-GAAP core sales will be approximately flat year-over-year with adjusted operating profit margin in the range of 23.0% to 23.5% and adjusted diluted earnings per share in the range of $0.73 to $0.78 per share. 1 For the full year 2024, the Company anticipates that non-GAAP core sales will grow low-single digits year-over-year and that adjusted operating profit margin will expand 50 to 75 basis points year-over-year. The Company is targeting adjusted diluted earnings per share in the range of $3.20 to $3.30 with free cash flow conversion of approximately 100%. Conference Call and Webcast Information Veralto will discuss its fourth quarter results and financial guidance for 2024 during its quarterly investor conference call tomorrow starting at 8 30 a.m. (ET). Access to the call, webcast and an accompanying slide presentation will be available on the Investors section of Veralto s website, www.veralto.com, under the subheading News Events and additional materials will be posted to the same section of Veralto s website. A replay of the webcast will be available in the same section of Veralto s website shortly after the conclusion of the call and will remain available until the next quarterly earnings call. The conference call can be accessed by dialing +1 (800) 579-2543 (U.S.) or +1 (785) 424-1789 (INTL) (Conference ID VLTO4Q23). A replay of the conference call will be available shortly after the conclusion of the call and until February 21, 2024. You can access the replay dial-in information on the Investors section of Veralto s website under the subheading News Events. 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders The Company expects to host its 2024 annual meeting of stockholders on May 21, 2024, in person in Waltham, MA and online. ABOUT VERALTO With annual sales of $5 billion, Veralto is a global leader in essential technology solutions with a proven track record of solving some of the most complex challenges we face as a society. Our industry-leading companies with globally recognized brands are building on a long-established legacy of innovation and customer trust to create a safer, cleaner, more vibrant future. Headquartered in Waltham, Massachusetts, our global team of 16,000 associates is committed to making an enduring positive impact on our world and united by a powerful purpose Safeguarding the World's Most Vital Resources . NON-GAAP MEASURES AND SUPPLEMENTAL MATERIALS In addition to the financial measures prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), this earnings release also contains non-GAAP financial measures. Calculations of these measures, the reasons why we believe these measures provide useful information to investors, a reconciliation of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, as applicable, and other information relating to these non-GAAP measures are included in the supplemental reconciliation schedule attached. In addition, this earnings release, the slide presentation accompanying the related earnings call, non-GAAP reconciliations and a note containing details of historical and anticipated, future financial performance have been posted to the Investors section of Veralto s website ( www.veralto.com ) under the subheading Quarterly Earnings. FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS Certain statements in this release, including the statement regarding the Company's anticipated first quarter and full year 2024 financial performance, the Company s differentiation and positioning to contin

=== [ER] edgar_0001967680-23-000009_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 vlto-20231025xex991.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 VERALTO REPORTS THIRD QUARTER 2023 RESULTS WALTHAM, Mass., (October 25, 2023) Veralto (NYSE VLTO) (the Company ), a global leader in essential water and product quality solutions dedicated to Safeguarding the World's Most Vital Resources announced results for the third quarter ended September 29, 2023. Net earnings refer to net earnings attributable to common shareholders. Key Third Quarter Results Sales increased 3% year-over-year to $1,255 million, with non-GAAP core sales growth of 1% Operating profit margin was 21.8% and non-GAAP adjusted operating profit margin, including estimated incremental stand-alone costs, was 22.4% Net earnings were $205 million, or $0.83 per diluted common share Non-GAAP, adjusted diluted net earnings per common share were $0.75, including estimated incremental stand-alone costs and estimated interest expense on the Company s current capital structure Operating cash flow was $243 million and non-GAAP free cash flow was $232 million Expects to initiate a quarterly dividend of $0.09 per common share in arrears in Q4 2023 Jennifer L. Honeycutt, President and Chief Executive Officer, stated, The third quarter 2023 marks a significant milestone for Veralto as we successfully completed our separation from Danaher. I m proud of our team for their efforts related to the separation while also driving solid operating execution during the quarter in support of our customers. During the third quarter, we continued to deliver core sales growth and executed well on pricing, productivity and continuous improvement actions. We also generated strong free cash flow and strengthened our financial position. Honeycutt continued, As we look longer term, we are confident that the durability of our businesses, the essential nature of our technology solutions and the strong secular growth drivers of our end markets will position us to drive steady growth, consistent with our historical track record. The combination of our leading brands, premier operating model powered by the Veralto Enterprise System and the strength of our balance sheet differentiates Veralto and positions us to deliver sustainable, long-term shareholder value. Fourth Quarter Outlook The Company provides forecasted sales only on a non-GAAP basis because of the difficulty in estimating the other components of GAAP sales, such as currency translation, acquisitions, and divested product lines. For the fourth quarter 2023, the Company anticipates that non-GAAP core sales will be flat to down low-single digits year-over-year due primarily to reduced demand for consumer-packaged goods impacting sales in its Product Quality and Innovation segment and continued demand weakness in China. The Company anticipates adjusted operating profit margin in the range of 23.5% to 24.5% and adjusted diluted earnings per share in the range of $0.79 to $0.84. The Company intends to initiate a quarterly cash dividend of $0.09 per common share in arrears commencing following the quarter ending December 31, 2023, subject to approval by its Board of Directors with respect to each such dividend. Conference Call and Webcast Information Veralto will discuss its third quarter results and financial guidance for the fourth quarter and full year during its quarterly investor conference call tomorrow starting at 8 30 a.m. (ET). The call and an accompanying slide presentation will be webcast on the Investors section of Veralto s website, www.veralto.com, under the subheading News Events and additional materials will be posted to the same section of Veralto s website. A replay of the webcast will be available in the same section of Veralto s website shortly after the conclusion of the presentation and will remain available until the next quarterly earnings call. 1 The conference call can be accessed by dialing +1 (800) 579-2543 (U.S.) or +1 (785) 424-1789 (INTL) (Conference ID VLTO3Q23). A replay of the conference call will be available shortly after the conclusion of the call and until November 10, 2023. You can access the replay dial-in information on the Investors section of Veralto s website under the subheading News Events. ABOUT VERALTO With annual sales of nearly $5 billion, Veralto is a global leader in essential technology solutions with a proven track record of solving some of the most complex challenges we face as a society. Our industry-leading companies with globally recognized brands are building on a long-established legacy of innovation and customer trust to create a safer, cleaner, more vibrant future. Headquartered in Waltham, Massachusetts, our global team of 16,000 associates is committed to making an enduring positive impact on our world and united by a powerful purpose Safeguarding the World's Most Vital Resources . NON-GAAP MEASURES AND SUPPLEMENTAL MATERIALS In addition to the financial measures prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), this earnings release also contains non-GAAP financial measures. Calculations of these measures, the reasons why we believe these measures provide useful information to investors, a reconciliation of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, as applicable, and other information relating to these non-GAAP measures are included in the supplemental reconciliation schedule attached. In addition, this earnings release, the slide presentation accompanying the related earnings call, non-GAAP reconciliations and a note containing details of historical and anticipated, future financial performance have been posted to the Investors section of Veralto s website ( www.veralto.com ) under the subheading Quarterly Earnings. FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS Certain statements in this release, including the statement regarding the Company's anticipated fourth quarter and full year 2023 non-GAAP core sales growth, the Company s differentiation and positioning to continue delivering sustainable, long-term shareholder value and any other statements regarding events or developments that we believe or anticipate will or may occur in the future are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. All statements other than historical factual information are forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, statements regarding projections of revenue, expenses, profit, profit margins, tax rates, tax provisions, cash flows, pension and benefit obligations and fu