=== HAL_2026-03-31.htm.gz ===
hal-20260330 0000045012 DEF 14A false iso4217:USD xbrli:pure 0000045012 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000045012 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0000045012 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0000045012 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0000045012 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0000045012 ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000045012 ecd:EqtyAwrdsAdjsExclgValRprtdInSummryCompstnTblMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000045012 ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000045012 ecd:EqtyAwrdsAdjsExclgValRprtdInSummryCompstnTblMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000045012 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000045012 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000045012 ecd:VstngDtFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdAndVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000045012 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000045012 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000045012 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000045012 ecd:VstngDtFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdAndVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000045012 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000045012 1 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000045012 2 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000045012 3 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000045012 4 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 _____________________________________ SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) _____________________________________ Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, For Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material under 240.14a-12 HALLIBURTON COMPANY (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check all boxes that apply): No fee required Fee paid previously with preliminary materials Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11 To Our Valued Shareholders March 31, 2026 Fellow Shareholders : Thank you for your continued confidence in Halliburton. On behalf of our Board of Directors, management team, and more tha n 46,000 empl oyees worldwide, we appreciate your investment. In 2025, Halliburton delivered solid results through clear strategy and disciplined execution. We generated $22.2 b illion in total company revenue. We achieved another year of strong free cash flow through cost and capital discipline. We returne d $1.6 billion, o r nearl y 85% of our free cash flow, to shareholders in dividends and share repurchases, underscoring our priority to return cash to shareholders. We see a strong future for our business. We expect oil and gas will remain essential in the global energy mix for decades to come. The shift from idealism to pragmatism reflects reality and creates opportunity. Our strategy is clear: deliver profitable international growth, maximize value in North America, increase capital efficiency, deploy digital and automation solutions, and advance a sustainable energy future. In all markets, our value proposition to collaborate and engineer solutions to maximize asset value for our customers enables us to deliver leading returns and capitalize on future growth opportunities. In international markets, our technology performs, and our growth engines provide a clear line of sight to outgrow the market. In North America, we will maximize value by prioritizing returns and by deploying differentiated technologies that solve for our customers greatest opportunities. Your vote is important regardless of how many shares you own. We invite you to attend our Annual Meeting on May 20, 2026 , at our corporate office in Houston, Texas . Whether or not you are able to join us in person, please review the proxy materials and vote as soon as possible. You may vote by phone, online, or if you received a paper proxy, through the mail. See the Notice of Annual Meeting for instructions on how to vote. On behalf of the Board of Directors, thank you for your confidence in Halliburton. Sincerely, Jeffrey A. Miller Chairman of the Board, President and CEO Robert A. Malone Lead Independent Director ii HALLIBURTON 2026 Proxy Statement www.halliburton.com Table of Contents Letter from the Chairman, President and CEO and Lead Independent Director i Notice of Annual Meeting of Shareholders 1 Proxy Statement Summary 2 2025 Strategic Priorities 2 2025 Performance Overview 2 Our 202 6 Board Nominees 3 Our 2025 Named Executive Officers 3 Our Executive Compensation Program 3 Our Year-round Shareholder Engagement 5 Corporate Governance 6 Corporate Governance Guidelines and Committee Charters 6 Code of Business Conduct 6 Related Persons Transactions Policy 6 Insider Trading Policies 7 The Board of Directors and Standing Committees of Directors 7 Board Leadership 7 Board and Committee Oversight 8 Members of the Committees of Our Board of Directors 11 Board Attendance 12 Evaluation of Board and Director Performance 13 Shareholder Nominations of Directors 13 Qualifications of Directors 14 Board Refreshment 15 Shareholder Engagement 18 Communication to the Board 18 Proposal No. 1 Election of Directors 19 Information about Nominees for Director 21 Directors Compensation 33 Directors Fees 33 Directors Equity Awards 33 Directors Deferred Compensation Plan 33 Directors Stock Ownership Requirements 34 Director Clawback Policy 34 2025 Director Compensation 35 Stock Ownership Information 37 Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 37 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners 37 Ownership of Directors and Executive Officers 38 Proposal No. 2 Ratification of Selection of Principal Independent Public Accountants 39 Audit Committee Report 40 Fees Paid to KPMG LLP 41 Proposal No. 3 Advisory Approval of Executive Compensation 42 www.halliburton.com HALLIBURTON 2026 Proxy Statement iii Compensation Committee Report 42 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 43 Shareholder Outreach and Board Activity 44 Straight from the Boardroom: Talking with Murry S. Gerber 45 2025 CEO Compensation Overview 47 2025 Performance Overview 50 The Foundation of Our Executive Compensation Program 53 Setting Executive Compensation 55 2025 Executive Compensation Outcomes in Detail 58 Other Executive Benefits and Policies 64 Executive Compensation Tables 69 Summary Compensation Table 69 Supplemental Table: All Other Compensation 70 Grants of Plan-Based Awards in Fiscal 202 5 72 Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End 20 25 73 2025 Option Exercises and Stock Vested 74 2025 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation 75 Employment Contracts and Change-in-Control Arrangements 76 Post-Termination or Change-in-Control Payments 77 Equity Compensation Plan Information 80 Pay Versus Performance 81 CEO Pay Ratio 87 Proposal No. 4 Halliburton Energy Services, Inc. Charter Amendment 8 8 Proposal No. 5 Approval to Amend and Restate the Halliburton Company Stock and Incentive Plan 90 Proposal No. 6 Approval to Amend and Restate the Halliburton Company Employee Stock Purchase Plan 97 General Information 100 Additional Information 102 Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 102 Advance Notice Procedures and Shareholder Proposals 102 Proxy Solicitation Costs 102 Householding of Proxy Materials 102 Other Matters 103 Appendix A Halliburton Energy Services, Inc. Charter Amendment A-1 Appendix B Halliburton Company Stock and Incentive Plan B-1 Appendix C Halliburton Company Employee Stock Purchase Program C-1 Appendix D Non-GAAP Reconciliation D-1 Notice of Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held May 20, 2026 March 31, 2026 Halliburton Company, a Delaware corporation (Halliburton or the Company), will hold its Annual Meeting of Shareholders on Wednesday, May 20, 2026, at 9:00 a.m. (Central Daylight Time) at its corporate office at 3000 N. Sam Houston Parkway East, Life Center Auditorium, Houston, Texas 77032. At the meeting, the shareholders will be asked to vote : 1. To elect the twelve nominees for Director named in the attached proxy statement to serve for the ensuing year and until their duly qualified successors are elected. 2. To ratify the appointment of KPMG LLP as principal independent public accountants to examine the financial statements and books and records of Halliburton for the year ending December 31, 2026 . 3. To approve on an advisory basis our executive compensation. 4. To approve the Halliburton Energy Services, Inc. charter amendment. 5. To approve the amendment and restatement of the Halliburton Company Stock and Incentive Plan. 6. To approve the amendment and restatement of the Halliburton Company Employee Stock Purchase Plan. 7. To transact any other business that properly comes before the meeting or any adjournment or adjournments of the meeting. These items are fully described in the following pages, which are made a part of this Notice. The Board of Directors has set the close of business on March 23, 2026 , as the record date for the determination of shareholders entitled to notice of and to vote at the meeting and at any adjournment of the meeting. Internet Availability of Proxy Materials On or about March 31, 2026 , we mailed our shareholders a Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials containing instructions on how to access our 2026 proxy statement and 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K and how to vote online. If you received your Annual Meeting materials via e-mail, the e-mail contains voting instructions and links to the proxy statement and Form 10-K on the Internet. The notice also provides instructions on how you can request a paper copy of these documents if you desire. If You Plan to Attend Attendance at the meeting is limited to shareholders and one guest each. Admission will be on a first-come, first-served basis. Registration will begin at 8:00 a.m., and the meeting will begin at 9:00 a.m. (Central Daylight Time). Each shareholder holding stock in a brokerage account will need to bring a copy of a brokerage statement reflecting stock ownership as of the record date. Please note that you will be asked to present valid picture identification, such as a driver s license or passport, and you will have a security screening. For security reasons, you may not bring cameras, recording equipment, electronic devices, bags, briefcases, or packages into the meeting. By order of the Board of Directors Van H. Beckwith Executive Vice President, Secr etary and Chief Legal Officer You can vote by any of the following methods: INTERNET www.proxyvote.com until 11:59 p.m. Eastern Daylight Time on May 19, 2026 BY TELEPHONE until 11:59 p.m. Eastern Daylight Time on May 19, 2026 BY MAIL Completing, signing, and returning your proxy or voting instruction card before May 20, 2026 IN PERSON at the Annual Meeting The following voting matters are described in this proxy statement. Board Vote Recommendation Page Election of Directors FOR Each Nominee 19 Ratification of Selection of Principal Independent Public Accountants FOR 39 Advisory Approval of Executive Compensation FOR 42 Approval of Halliburton Energy Services, Inc. Charter Amendment FOR 88 Approval to Amend and Restate the Halliburton Company Stock and Incentive Plan FOR 90 Approval to Amend and Restate the Halliburton Company Employee Stock Purchase Plan FOR 97 2 HALLIBURTON 2026 Proxy Statement www.halliburton.com Proxy Statement Summary This summary highlights information contained elsewhere in this proxy statement or as otherwise noted. This summary does not contain all of the information that you should consider, and you should read the entire proxy statement carefully before voting. Page references are supplied to help you find further information in this proxy statement. 2025 Strategic Priorities As we began 2025 , we identified the following focus areas in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024 (2024 Form 10-K) : International: Increase international growth in directional drilling, unconventionals, well intervention, and artificial lift business. North America: Maximize value by, among other things, utilizing our Zeus electric fracturing platform and our iCruise rotary steerable systems. Digital: Continue to drive differentiation and efficiencies through the deployment of digital and automation technologies, both internally and for our customers. Capital efficiency: Maintain our capital expenditures at approximately 6% of revenue while utilizing technology and targeted process improvements to enhance utilization of existing capital. Shareholder returns: Return over 50% of annual free cash flow (1) to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. Advance a sustainable energy future: Continue to develop technologies and solutions to help lower our customers and our emissions intensity, participate in carbon capture, utilization, and storage, and geothermal projects globally, and support Halliburton Labs early- stage company participants. (1) Free cash flow is a non-GAAP measure which is calculated as Total cash flows provided by operating activities (operating cash flow) less capital expenditures plus proceeds from the sale of property, plant, and equipment. Management considers free cash flow an important indicator of the company s liquidity , as it helps both investors and management evaluate the business s ability to generate cash. See Appendix D for reconciliation to U.S. GAAP. 2025 Performance Overview (page 5 0 ) Our success throughout 2025 was a direct result of the hard work and dedication of our employees with relentless focus on safety, operational execution, customer collaboration, and service quality performance. In 2025, Halliburton delivered solid results through clear strategy and disciplined execution. We generated $22.2 billion in total company revenue. We achieved another year of strong free cash flow through cost and capital discipline. Here are the highlights for 2025 : Financial: Our total revenue decreased 3% in 2025 as compared to 2024. Our international revenue decreased 2% and our North America revenue decreased 6% in 2025 compared to 2024. Overall, our Completion and Production and Drilling and Evaluation operating segments finished the year with 17% and 15% operating margins, respectively. We generated $2.9 billion of cash flows from operations and retired $382 million of our 3.8% notes due November 2025. Capital efficiency: We developed technologies and made strategic choices that kept our capital expenditures at approximately 6% of revenue, which matched our target. Shareholder returns: We returned $1.6 billion of capital to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases, which is consistent with our capital returns framework. Sustainability: We continued progress toward a sustainable energy future by expanding Halliburton Labs 38 participant and alumni organizations, and achieving the milestone of 50% of our North American fracturing fleet transitioned to Zeus electric pumps . HALLIBURTON 2026 Proxy Statement 3 O ur 2026 Board Nominees (page 1 9 ) Name Age Occupation Abdulaziz F. Al Khayyal 72 Former Director and Senior Vice President of Industrial Relations, Saudi Aramco William E. Albrecht 74 President and CEO, Moncrief Energy, LLC M. Katherine Banks 66 Former President, Texas A M University Earl M. Cummings 61 Managing Partner, MCM Houston Properties, LLC Murry S. Gerber 73 Former Executive Chairman of the Board, EQT Corporation Timothy A. Leach 66 Former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Concho Resources Inc. Robert A. Malone 74 Executive Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, First Sonora Bancshares, and the First National Bank of Sonora, Texas (dba, Sonora Bank) Jeffrey A. Miller 62 Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer, Halliburton Company J. Shannon Slocum 53 Director, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, Halliburton Company Maurice S. Smith 54 Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer, Health Care Service Corporation Janet L. Weiss 62 Former President, BP Alaska Tobi M. Edwards Young 50 General Counsel, Saronic Technologies Size of Board to be Elected Non-Management Director Nominees Average Age of Non- Management Director Nominees Average Non- Management Director Nominee Tenure 12 83% 65 7.3 Non-Management Director Expertise Energy Industry lllllll lll 7 Science/Technology/Engineering llllllll ll 8 International Business lllll lllll 5 Accounting/Finance llllllll ll 8 Strategic Planning and Risk Oversight llllllllll 10 Health, Safety Environment and Sustainability llllllll ll 8 Our 2025 Named Executive Officers (page 53 ) Name Age Current Occupation Jeffrey A. Miller 62 Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer Eric J. Carre 60 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Van H. Beckwith 61 Executive Vice President, Secretary and Chief Legal Officer Mark J. Richard 64 Special Advisor to the CEO J. Shannon Slocum 53 Director, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer Our Executive Compensation Program ( page 53 -79 ) Objectives (page 5 3 ) Our executive compensation program is composed of base salary, a short-term incentive, and long-term incentives and is designed to achieve the following objectives: Provide a clear and direct relationship between executive pay and our performance on both a short-term and long-term basis ; Target market competitive pay levels with a comparator peer group ; Emphasize operating performance drivers ; 4 HALLIBURTON 2026 Proxy Statement www.halliburton.com Link executive pay to measures that drive shareholder returns; Support our business strategies ; and Maximize the return on our human resource investment . Elements of our Executive Compensation Program for 2025 (page 54 ) Halliburton s executive compensation program for the 2025 plan year was composed of base salary, a short-term incentive, and long-term incentives as described below : Reward Element Objective Key Features How Award Value is Determined 2025 Decisions FIXED Base Salary To compensate executives based on their responsibilities, experience, and skill set. Fixed element of compensation paid in cash. Benchmarked against a group of comparably sized corporations and industry peers. Base salary determinations varied by individual as noted on page 58 . AT RISK Short-Term (Annual) Incentive To motivate and incentivize performance over a one-year period. Award value and measures are reviewed annually. Targets are set at the beginning of the period. Performance measured against: 60% Net Operating Profit After Taxes (NOPAT) 20% Asset Turns 20% Non-Financial Strategic Metrics Award values were targeted at the market median for 2025. Long-Term Incentives To motivate and incentivize sustained performance over the long-term. Aligns interests of our Named Executive Officers (NEOs) with long-term shareholders. Value is delivered: 70% performance units measured over three years ( in stock; in cash) with relative Total Shareholder Return (TSR) modifier 30% restricted stock The 2025 performance units measured against Return on Capital Employed (ROCE) performance relative to performance peers and including a relative TSR modifier. Relative ROCE performance required for a target PUP payout is set at the 55th percentile. Payouts of the primary metric (relative ROCE) are capped at target if average HAL ROCE for the applicable three-year performance period is negative. Restricted stock grants have time-based vesting and value is driven by our share price. Award values were targeted at the market median for 2025. HALLIBURTON 2026 Proxy Statement 5 Our Year-round Shareholder Engagement (page 1 8 ) Through active, two-way dialogue with our shareholders, our Board and management team work diligently to stay informed regarding our investors expectations, gather feedback to inform strategic decision-making, and provide answers to investor questions about our approach to governance, our oversight of risks, our approach to sustainability, and the design of our executive compensation program. Our senior management presents feedback to the Board for consideration and discussion. Some highlights from our shareholder engagement program in the fall of 2025 included: 61% We offered engagement to and communicated with shareholders representing approximately 61% o f our shares as well as the two largest proxy advisors, Institutional Shareholder Services (ISS) and Glass Lewis. Halliburton senior management hosted video conferences with ten shareholders who represented 35 % o f our shares and both proxy advisors and discussed : 35% Our business Our Board oversight and engagement Our executive compensation program Our people, health, safety, and the environment Our approach to sustainable energy solutions Shareholders expressed support for the Board s intentionality and proactive approach toward: Succession planning , including developing continuity of experience, Board refreshment, with a focus on the appropriate mix of experience and expertise, and Committees and chair rotations , as directors approach mandatory retirement age. 302 Additionally, as part of our ongoing cadence of shareholder outreach, our senior management and Investor Relations team participa ted in 14 sell-sid e conferences, one non-deal roadshow, and 302 Investor meetings in vestor meetings . 6 HALLIBURTON 2026 Proxy Statement www.halliburton.com Corporate Governance Corporate Governance Guidelines and Committee Charters Our Board has long maintained a formal statement of its responsibilities and guidelines to ensure effective governance in all areas of its responsibilities. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines are available on our website at www.halliburton.com by clicking on the tabs Investors , Company Information , and then the Corporate Governance link. The guidelines are reviewed periodically and revised as appropriate to reflect the dynamic and evolving processes relating to corporate governance, including the operation of the Board. Our current Board structure and governance practices, as specified in those Guidelines and our By-laws, Code of Business Conduct, and policies and business practices, include the following: Annual Election of Directors Yes Shareholder Right to Call Special Meetings Yes Mandatory Retirement Age 75 Poison Pill No Majority Voting in Director Elections Yes Code of Conduct for Directors, Officers, and Employees Yes Lead Independent Director Yes Stock Ownership Guidelines for Directors/Officers Yes Related Persons Transactions Policy Yes Anti-Hedging and Pledging Policy Yes Supermajority Voting Threshold for Mergers No Compensation Recoupment Policy Yes Proxy Access Yes Corporate Political Contributions No Shareholder Action by Written Consent Yes In order for our shareholders to understand how the Board conducts its affairs in all areas of its responsibility, the full text of the charters of our Audit; Compensation; Health, Safety and Environment; and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committees and for our Lead Independent Director are also available on our website at www.halliburton.com. Information contained on or accessible from our website or any other website is not incorporated by reference into and should not be considered part of this proxy statement. Code of Business Conduct Our Code of Business Conduct, which applies to all of our Directors and employees, and serves as the code of ethics for our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, and other persons performing similar functions, is available on our website. Any waivers to our Code of Business Conduct for our Directors or executive officers can only be made by our Audit Committee. There were no waivers of the Code of Business Conduct in 2025 . Any amendments to our Code of Business Conduct or any waivers from provisions of our Code of Business Conduct granted to the specified officers above are also disclosed on our website at www.halliburton.com. Related Persons Transactions Policy Our Board has adopted a written policy governing related persons transactions as part of the Board s commitment to good governance and independent oversight. The policy covers transactions involving any of our Directors, executive officers, nominees for Director, greater than 5% shareholders, or any of their immediate family members, among others. The types of transactions covered by this policy are transactions, arrangements, or relationships, or any series of similar transactions, arrangements, or relationships, including any indebtedness or guarantee of indebtedness, in which (i) we or any of our subsidiaries were or will be a participant, (ii) the aggregate amount involved exceeds $120,000 in any calendar year, and (iii) any related person had, has, or will have a direct or indirect material interest. Under the policy, we generally only enter into or ratify related persons transactions when the Audit Committee determines such transactions are in our best interests and the best interests of our shareholders. In determining whether to approve or ratify a related persons transaction, the Audit Committee will consider the following factors and other factors it deems appropriate: whether the related persons transaction is on terms comparable to terms generally available with an unaffiliated third party under the same or similar circumstances; the benefits of the transaction to the Company; HALLIBURTON 2026 Proxy Statement 7 the extent of the related person s interest in the transaction; and whether there are alternative sources for the subject matter of the transaction. The Audit Committee reviewed the employment relationship of Phillip Spoelker, who is the brother of Ms. Stephanie Holzhauser, the Company s Chief Accounting Officer. Mr. Spoelker is employed by Halliburton in a non-executive officer position and received total compensation of approximately $168,000 from January 1, 2025 through December 31, 2025 . Mr. Spoelker s compensation was established by Halliburton in accordance with its compensation practices applicable to employees with comparable qualifications and responsibilities and holding similar positions and is commensurate with that of his peers in Halliburton s compensation framework. Insider Trading Policies The Company maintains polices titled Use of Material Nonpublic Information, Securities Trading Windows, and Hedging and Pledging of Company Securities and Securities Trading of Company Securities by the Company governing the purchase, sale, and other dispositions of Halliburton securities by Directors, officers, employees, or the Company itself that are reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules, and regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), and the New York Stock Exchange listing standards applicable to the Company. Copies of these policies were filed as Exhibit 19.1 and 19.2 to the 2024 Form 10-K. The Board of Directors and Standing Committees of Directors The Board has the following standing Committees: Audit; Compensation; Health, Safety and Environment; and Nominating and Corporate Governance. Each standing Committee is comprised of Directors who, in the business judgment of the Board, are independent, after considering all relevant facts and circumstances, including the independence standards set forth in our Corporate Governance Guidelines. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines provide that the independence of each Director will be determined by the Board in the exercise of its business judgment and considering the applicable rules and regulations of the SEC , and the New York Stock Exchange and the New York Stock Exchange Texas (collectively, the NYSE). In connection with its independence determination, the Board considered that we utilize health insurance services of Blue Cross Blue Shield, a subsidiary of Health Care Service Corporation, of which Mr. Smith is the Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, in the ordinary course of business . The Board concluded that the relationship was on market terms, not material, and did not affect the independence of Mr. Smith. The Board also considered that Mr. Leach serves on the Board of ConocoPhillips and previously served as an advisor to the CEO of ConocoPhillips. The Board concluded that Mr. Leach s participation on the ConocoPhillips board does not affect the independence of Mr. Leach. Board Leadership Our Board believes that it is important to maintain flexibility to determine the appropriate leadership of the Board and whether the roles of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer should be combined or separate. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines provide that the Board consider annually whether it is appropriate for the same individual to fill both of those roles. When making that determination, the Board considers issues such as industry and financial expertise, in-depth knowledge of Halliburton and its business, and succession planning. In 2025 , the Board evaluated and decided that a combined leadership role would continue to best serve the Company and its shareholders. The Board believes that Jeffrey A. Miller, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, with his industry expertise, financial expertise, and in-depth knowledge of Halliburton and its business, is the correct person to fill both roles. The Board also believes that Mr. Miller is best suited to lead the Board s discussion and evaluation of the Company s business, financial, and health, safety, environment, and sustainability strategy and performance. With the exception of Mr. Miller and Mr. Slocum, the Board is composed of independent Directors. 8 HALLIBURTON 2026 Proxy Statement www.halliburton.com In the Board s consideration of the appropriate leadership structure, independence and objectivity are primary areas of focus, and are supported by the appointment of a Lead Independent Director whose role and responsibilities are set forth in the Lead Independent Director Charter adopted by the Board. Robert A. Malone is our Lead Independent Director. The Lead Independent Director s responsibilities include the following: liaises between the independent Directors and the Chairman participates in shareholder engagement approves agendas for Board meetings and ensures the agendas provide opportunities for the Board to provide input on the Company s business strategy and management s execution of that strategy advises management on and approves information sent to the Board and approves schedules for meetings of the Board presides over meetings and executive sessions of the independent Directors authorizes the retention of outside advisors and consultants who report directly to the Board leads the Board s annual evaluation of the Chief Executive Officer schedules meetings of the independent Directors as appropriate participates in efforts to identify and recruit candidates for Board membership Our Lead Independent Director Charter is available on our website at www.halliburton.com . Board and Committee Oversight Governance Oversight The Halliburton Board of Directors Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee conducts general oversight for Halliburton s corporate strategy and financial, operational, market, political, cybersecurity, artificial intelligence, sustainability, and other risks inherent in Halliburton s business. However, each Board Committee is responsible for different aspects of oversight (as outlined in each Committee s charter). By regularly engaging with shareholders and other outside experts, the Board can more effectively prioritize relevant key matters in the Company s overall corporate strategy and enterprise risk profile. At least twice annually, the Board engages with shareholders to hear their perspectives and feedback. The Board also prioritizes these matters at each meeting through set agenda items. Shareholders have endorsed this oversight structure and other governance enhancements. The following chart details the primary oversight responsibilities held by each of Halliburton s Board Committees: Board of Directors q q q q Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Audit Committee Health, Safety and Environment Committee Compensation Committee Overall sustainability Corporate Governance Guidelines Director self-evaluation process and performance reviews Board refreshment Board s mix of skills, characteristics, experience, and expertise Director compensation Management succession planning Political and lobbying spending Principal independent public accountants Internal Assurance Services and the Ethics and Compliance group Financial statements and accounting systems and controls Enterprise risk, including information security, cybersecurity*, and artificial intelligence Control structure for externally reported non- financial metrics HSE matters and sustainability HSE risk-management processes HSE performance Environmental impact, including climate matters Overall executive compensation program Effectiveness of compensation program to attract, retain, and motivate Section 16 officers Pay and incentive plans metrics, including Non- Financial Strategic Metrics * The Board of Directors receives quarterly cybersecurity updates. HALLIBURTON 2026 Proxy Statement 9 The Board believes that it has a strong governance structure in place to ensure independent oversight on behalf of all shareholders. All standing Committees of the Board are comprised solely of independent Directors. Below is a discussion of some of these areas of oversight. Oversight of Strategy The Board and the Board Committees oversee fundamental elements of Halliburton s strategic plan, and company management is charged with executing the business strategy. Throughout the year, the Board provides guidance to the Halliburton management team in connection with this oversight function. Various elements of strategy are discussed at every Board meeting, as well as many meetings of the Board s Committees, at which updates on progress and execution are delivered to the Board. The Board also periodically requests additional reports or reading materials to inform their oversight on key and emerging aspects of our strategy. In addition, the Board dedicates at least one multi -hour session with senior leadership each year to focus on strategic planning and related performance objectives. Further, the Board participates in an international trip every two years and a local trip in the intervening years to review the specific strategy and risks of those particular locations. In February 2025 , the Board traveled to t he M iddle East and Saudi Arabia , to participate in briefings, tours, and demonstrations by local Halliburton leaders showcasing work and technologies developed and used at the Halliburton Technology Center in Saudi Arabia. The Board continued its Saudi Arabia operations review with meetings and tours of customer facilities and operations. Enterprise Risk Management Our Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) program identifies and analyzes enterprise-level risks and their potential impact on our business. The objectives of our ERM program are to: increase the probability of achieving higher returns on capital and reducing cash flow volatility by identifying: current and developing risks; and significant controls and potential gaps related to identified risks; ensure that our key risks are being effectively managed; and ensure that our compensation policies incentivize management actions that both drive our strategy and manage risks prudently. Our internal processes to identify and manage risks include our Code of Business Conduct; extensive policies and business practices; financial controls; internal assurance audits of our internal controls and health, safety, environment, and sustainability; the activities of the Ethics and Compliance group of the Law Department; and our ERM program. The Audit Committee receives an annual ERM report on risk assessment and risk management in which risks are identified and assigned a significance rating based on potential consequences of the risk, the likelihood of occurrence, and mitigation preparedness. Our Chief Executive Officer, who is primarily responsible for managing our day-to-day business, is ultimately responsible to the Board for all risk categories. Our executive officers have responsibility for the various risk categories. The Board has delegated to its Committees the responsibility to monitor certain risks and receive regular updates on those risks. Sustainability The risks and opportunities presented by sustainability-related matters are particularly broad-ranging and interrelated and as reflected in the chart above require coordinated oversight responsibilities among the Board and its Committees. The Board oversees Halliburton s performance and management across key sustainability-related matters, and the Board s standing Committees provide closer oversight and guidance on different aspects of sustainability issues. For example, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee assesses and advises on risks that may arise in connection with Halliburton s overall sustainability strategy and risks, as well as individual topics such as Halliburton s political activities, while other Committees assess and advise on other individual sustainability-related risks and opportunities (such as the Audit Committee s oversight of enterprise risk, including information security, cybersecurity, and artificial intelligence, and the Health, Safety and Environment Committee s oversight of environmental impact (including climate matters )). The full Board receives regular reporting from each Committee on such matters and retains ultimate oversight of all sustainability-related matters relevant to Halliburton. The following subsections outline the Board s approach to overseeing three high-priority sustainability topics, corporate political spending, cybersecurity, and artificial intelligence. 10 HALLIBURTON 2026 Proxy Statement www.halliburton.com Political and Lobbying Spending The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is responsible for oversight, review, and approval of political engagements such as Halliburton s lobbying activities, payments to trade associations, and political expenditures, as provided by the Halliburton Policies for Political Engagement , which also provides a comprehensive overview of the political activity we engaged in this year. The report is available on our website at www.halliburton.com . Notable highlights from this report include: Zero corporate contributions made directly to political parties or candidates. Zero corporate contributions used to support ballot measures. Prohibitions against using corporate funds to contribute to 527 and 501(c)(4) organizations. Board oversight of the Company s strategy for political engagement, including oversight of political spending and lobbying. In 2025 , Halliburton scored a 91 on the CPA-Zicklin Index with a raw score of 64 points. A score of 90 or above indicates robust disclosure and oversight and classifies a company as a Trendsetter, a status Halliburton first obtained in 2022 and has maintained since then. We are one of two oilfield servic es company currently classified as a CPA-Zicklin Index Trendsetter. Cybersecurity Global attacks on corporate Information Technology and Operational Technology are increasingly frequent and sophisticated. Halliburton takes every threat to cybersecurity seriously. We invest significant resources in protecting Company systems and data, and do so in alignment with industry standards, including the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) Cyber Security Framework, NIST 800-53, NIST 800-82, and International Electrotechnical Commission 62443. Halliburton s Board of Directors receives an update on cybersecurity during each of its quarterly meetings. This update includes data on cybersecurity metrics, information on internal and third-party cybersecurity incidents, and general discussion of cybersecurity risks. In addition, the Audit Committee receives a detailed update annually which includes in- depth updates on Halliburton s cybersecurity program and strategy, including cybersecurity risks. In the event of a cybersecurity incident, our Board and management team maintain a cyber risk management program designed to identify, assess, manage, mitigate, and respond to cybersecurity threats. In addition, we have an Incident Response Plan that defines procedures for assessing, identifying, and managing a cybersecurity incident. We have experienced cybersecurity incidents and attempted breaches in the past, one of which resulted in an unauthorized third party gaining access to certain of our systems and exfiltrating information from those systems, which we determined was a material cybersecurity incident as previously disclosed in a Form 8-K we filed with the SEC on September 3, 2024 . The Board and the Audit Committee provided oversight throughout the incident and in post-incident evaluation of the Company response. Artificial Intelligence I n 2025, Halliburton established an Artificial Intelligence (AI) Governance and Use Committee (AI Committee), a cross functional committee of senior leadership, to provide regular reports to the Audit Committee over AI related risks and strategy. During a regularly scheduled meeting in 2025, the Audit Committee reviewed the AI Committee charter and related company policy. The Audit Committee oversees the strategy of the AI Committee s purpose to govern artificial intelligence controls and Halliburton s balance of AI opportunity, benefit and risk. HALLIBURTON 2026 Proxy Statement 11 Members o f the Committees of Our Board of Directors Name Audit Committee Compensation Committee Health, Safety and Environment Committee Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Abdulaziz F. Al Khayyal William E. Albrecht M. Katherine Banks Earl M. Cummings* Murry S. Gerber Timothy A. Leach Robert A. Malone Jeffrey A. Miller J. Shannon Slocum Maurice S. Smith Janet L. Weiss** Tobi M. Edwards Young Alan M. Bennett*** Chair Member * As part of the Board s succession management process, Mr. Cummings was elected to serve as the Audit Committee chair at the February 2025 Board meeting, replacing Mr. Bennett, who reached mandatory retirement this year. ** As part of the Board s succession management process, Ms. Weiss was elected to serve as Health, Safety and Environment Committee chair at the May 2025 Board meeting, replacing Mr. Albrecht, who will reach mandatory retirement in 2027. *** Mr. Bennett will retire from the Halliburton Board of Directors immediately prior to the 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. Mr. Miller and Mr. Slocum are the only two non-independent directors serving on the Board. The Board has determined that all members of the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee, the Health, Safety and Environment Committee, and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee are independent under our Corporate Governance Guidelines. Also, none of our independent directors are related to any other Director or executive officer of Halliburton. The Board has determined that Alan M. Bennett , Earl M. Cummi ngs, Murry S. Gerber, Timothy A. Leach, and Janet L. Weiss are Audit Committee financial experts as defined by the SEC . 12 HALLIBURTON 2026 Proxy Statement www.halliburton.com Board Attendance During 2025 , the Board held 7 meetings and met in executive session of the independent Directors, without management present, on 4 occasions. Committee meetings were held as follows: Audit Committee 8 Compensation Committee 4 Health, Safety and Environment Committee 5 Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee 5 All members of the Board attended at least 90% of the total number of meetings of the Board and the Committees on which he or she served during the last fiscal year, with the exception of Mr. Patel who retired immediately prior to the 2025 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, and thus attended less than 75% of the total number of meetings for the Board and Committees on which he served. All of our Directors attended the 2025 Annual Meeting, as required by our Corporate Governance Guidelines. HALLIBURTON 2026 Proxy Statement 13 Evaluation of Board and Director Performance The Board believes that a rigorous evaluation process is an essential component of strong corporate governance practices. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee annually conducts a four-part evaluation process to evaluate Board effectiveness and aid in succession planning. PROCESS REVIEW The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee reviews and approves the process to evaluate the performance of the Board, its four standing Committees (Audit; Compensation; Health, Safety and Environment; and Nominating and Corporate Governance), and each individual Director. The Committee also approves a Director qualifications and experience survey. Questionnaires and the survey are distributed through a web-based platform. This process encourages candid responses from our Directors and promotes productive discussions. EVALUATION Each Director completes written questionnaires designed to gather suggestions to improve Board, Committee, and Director performance and effectiveness and to identify opportunities for change. The questionnaires solicit feedback on a range of issues, including: Board operations Succession planning Committee composition, processes, and responsibilities Information sharing with and from management Overall Board dynamics Director preparation, participation, and contribution Alignment of skills and characteristics to business needs and strategy Leadership Agenda topics The qualifications and experience survey identifies individual skills and expertise of each non-management Director. ANALYSIS The Lead Independent Director reviews the completed questionnaires and provides a summary to the Board. The Board then updates its qualifications and experience matrix based on the survey responses and feedback, with a focus on optimizing the range and depth of perspectives and experiences necessary to oversee the relevant opportunities, strategies, and risks of the Company. Through this process the Board identifies the skills and expertise desirable for future Director candidates. ACTIONS TAKEN The Nominating and Corporate Governance Chair reports to the Board on the results of the entire process. If warranted, the Chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee or the Lead Independent Director engage in discussions with individual Board members about their performance. This year, the Board held a discussion of the Board s processes and the evaluation results. The Directors concluded that the Board and its Committees are functioning well. Shareholder Nominations of Directors Our By-laws provide that shareholders may nominate persons for election to the Board at a meeting of shareholders. Shareholder nominations require written notice to the Corporate Secretary at the address of our principal executive office set forth on page 100 of this proxy statement, and for the 2027 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, must be received not less than 90 days nor more than 120 days prior to the anniversary date of the 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, or no later than 5:00 p.m., Houston, Texas time, on February 19, 2027 , and no earlier than 8:00 a.m., Houston, Texas time, on January 20, 2027 . The shareholder notice must contain, among other things, certain information relating to the shareholder and the proposed nominee as described in our By-laws. In addition, the proposed nominee may be required to furnish other information as we may reasonably require to determine the eligibility of the proposed nominee to serve as a Director. 14 HALLIBURTON 2026 Proxy Statement www.halliburton.com Our By-laws also provide for proxy access for shareholder nominations of Directors. The provision permits up to 20 shareholders owning 3% or more of our outstanding common stock continuously for at least three years to nominate and include in our proxy materials for a meeting of shareholders up to two Directors or 20% of the Board, whichever is greater, provided that the shareholder(s) and the nominee(s) satisfy the requirements specified in the By-laws. Qualifications of Directors Candidates nominated for election or re-election to the Board should possess the following qualifications: Personal characteristics: high personal and professional ethics, integrity, and values; an inquiring and independent mind; and practical wisdom and mature judgment; Experience and broad training and work at the policy-making level in a variety of business, government, education, or technology organizations, including in serving at the highest levels of such organizations; Expertise that is useful to the Company and complementary to the background and experience of other Board members, so that an optimum balance of experience, expertise, markets, industries, and geographic reach of Board members can be achieved and maintained; Willingness to devote the required amount of time to carry out the duties and responsibilities of Board membership; Commitment to serve on the Board for several years to develop knowledge about our business; Willingness to represent the best interests of all of our shareholders and objectively evaluate management performance; and Involvement only in activities or interests that do not create a conflict with the Director s responsibilities to the Company and its shareholders. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is responsible for assessing the appropriate mix of skills and characteristics required of Board members and periodically reviews and updates the criteria. In selecting Director nominees, the Board considers the personal characteristics, experience, and other criteria as set forth in our Corporate Governance Guidelines, as well as the Company s specific needs and the needs of our Board at the time. HALLIBURTON 2026 Proxy Statement 15 Board Refreshment The Board of Directors is responsible for filling Board vacancies when they occur, and for making sure regular Board refreshment occurs. The Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines stipulate that each non-management Director shall retire from the Board immediately prior to the annual shareholder meeting that follows his or her 75 th birthday. The Board has delegated to the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee the duty to select and recommend new candidates for approval. When called upon to fill a vacancy, this Committee considers all recommended candidates, and may retain an independent executive search firm to assist with candidate selection and review. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee conducts an annual review of the overall composition of the Board to determine whether the current non-management Directors collectively represent an appropriate mix of experience, backgrounds, and expertise. Determination of expertise includes consideration of the following, among other factors: public company leadership, including C-suite experience; oil and natural gas experience, manufacturing, engineering, or technology experience; and experience relating to health, safety, the environment, and sustainability. In addition, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee periodically reviews a running list of potential director candidates at the Committee meetings to review candidate availability and interest, along with the match of those candidates to upcoming experience and expertise needs. The Board Refreshment Process Step 3 Step 2 Step 5 Step 1 Step 4 Identify Candidates Consider Recommendations Review qualifications Interview candidates Nominate candidates Board considers whether additional members would enhance oversight, experience, breadth of backgrounds, geographic reach, and other activities Board and Management review our skills matrix and study areas where new expertise may be additive Board and Management use searches and referrals to identify candidates The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee considers candidates Recommendations come from the current Directors, our Management team, our shareholders, and outside executive search firms Candidates qualifications are reviewed using the Board s membership criteria This includes review of each candidate s experience, expertise, personal background, and other factors This process is used to discern whether the candidate will contribute value- additive skills and expertise A consolidated list of candidates is interviewed by: Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Other Board members Management team members The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee selects the candidate(s) they deem best qualified to serve the interests of Halliburton s shareholders and possess skills and expertise that strengthen our Board The Committee recommends the candidate(s) for approval of the full Board 16 HALLIBURTON 2026 Proxy Statement www.halliburton.com Board Refreshment and Succession in action 2022 2023-2024 2025-2026 2027-2028 2029 + Tobi M. Edwards Young and Earl M. Cummings joined in 2022 Janet Weiss and Maurice S. Smith joined in 2023 Timothy A. Leach joined in 2025 and J. Shannon Slocum joined in 2026 Multiple anticipated retirements and possible director addition(s) Anticipated retirement and possible director addition Early retirement of Mr. Patel in 2025 and retirement of Mr. Alan Bennett in 2026 Tobi M. Edwards Young appointed Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Chair, May 2024 Earl Cummings appointed Audit Committee Chair, February 2025 Janet Weiss appointed HSE Committee Chair, May 2025 Janet Weiss, Health, Safety, and Environment Committee Chair, May 2025 Tobi M. Edwards Young, Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Chair, May 2024 Earl Cummings, Audit Committee Chair, February 2025 Ms. Young s past work experience in governance has given her a clear and compelling vision for board composition, emphasizing the importance of cognitive diversity and global perspectives, noting that Halliburton s operations across 70+ countries require a board that can navigate complex geopolitical and regulatory environments. This reflects her strategic mindset and ability to align governance and enterprise- wise risk and opportunity. Mr. Cummings brings financial expertise and strategic oversight to Halliburton s Audit Committee. His leadership spans capital raising, due diligence, asset management, and investor relations - core disciplines that directly support Halliburton s commitment to financial transparency and operational excellence. His proven track record and disciplined approach reinforce our confidence in the integrity of our financial governance and our dedication to delivering long-term shareholder value. As the former president of BP Alaska s operation, Ms. Weiss provides hands on, in the field executive experience in the daily operational and health, safety, and environmental requirements needed to operate safely in the oil and natural gas industry. Her proven leadership aligns with Halliburton s global commitment to safety performance, sustainability strategies, service quality, continuous improvement, and regulatory compliance. HALLIBURTON 2026 Proxy Statement 17 The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee will consider candidates for Board membership recommended by Board members, our management, and shareholders. The Committee may also retain an independent executive search firm to identify candidates for consideration and to gather additional information about the candidate s background, experience, and reputation. A shareholder who wishes to recommend a candidate should notify our Corporate Secretary. In anticipation of upcoming mandatory Director age retirements, our Board refreshment journey includes the enhancement of our Board with the addition of six D ire ctors since 2022, each o f whom provide a variety of experiences and expertise to the Board, and the refreshment and rotation of 3 of our 4 committee chairs. With respect to Directors that have joined the Board since our most recent annual meeting, Mr. Leach joined the Board in December 2025. Mr. Leach is a widely respected leader in the oil and gas business, bringing decades and deep expertise in upstream operations, strategic planning, and corporate governance. Mr. Slocum joined the Board in January 2026, as a management director, concurrent with his appointment as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, bringing global operations experience and proven leadership to help Halliburton maximize asset value for its customers. With several of our Directors reaching mandatory retirement age, the Board continually evaluates whether additional Directors would enhance the Board s oversight, experience, breadth, and other attributes. Further, the addition of new Directors, prior to Director retirements, presents an opportunity for those Directors to learn key positions before the retiring Director s departure. Specifically, Mr . Cummings assumed the role of Audit Committee chair in February 2025 and Ms. Weiss assumed the role of Health, Safety, and Environment chair in May 2025, in anticipation of the approaching mandatory retirements of Mr. Bennett and Mr. Albrecht. 18 HALLIBURTON 2026 Proxy Statement www.halliburton.com Shareholder Engagement Halliburton s Board values continuous improvement. We prioritize regular engagement with our shareholders through consistent, open dialogue that helps us gather valuable feedback and ensures we are aware of investor viewpoints. During the fall of 2025 , we participated in off-season investor meetings to better understand our shareholder priorities and concerns prior to the proxy voting season. We offered to engage with our largest shareholders, as well as several others who had contacted Halliburton. We offered engagement to and communicated with shareholders representing approximately 61% of our shares as well as the two largest shareholder proxy advisors , Institutional Shareholder Services (ISS) and Glass Lewis. As a result of this outreach, we hosted video-conferences with ten shareholders who represented approximately 35% of our shares and proxy advisors ISS and Glass Lewis. These meetings included conversations with Halliburton senior management. We provided our shareholder presentation to all of our largest shareholders and others who contacted Halliburton, even if they were unable to participate in a video call. Our 2025 updates to these materials highlighted the latest information about our business; our Board oversight and engagement; our executive compensation program; our people, health, safety, and the environment; and our approach to sustainable energy solutions . We also offered to follow up to discuss any questions or concerns. Our aim is to provide all shareholders the opportunity to communicate their expectations and stay abreast of our activities, regardless of whether they are able to attend a formal meeting. In addition to providing an off-season investor engagement program, we solicited additional shareholder feedback with our annual and quarterly reporting, earnings conference calls, and investor meetings. We also conducted outreach to investment research analysts and other parties who are not shareholders, but who have interest in and offer feedback about Halliburton s activities. As part of these campaigns, Halliburton s senior management and Investor Relations team hosted regular meetings and conference calls. In 2025 , we participated in 14 sell-side conferences, one non-deal roadshow, and 302 investor meetings . Our senior management presented shareholder feedback to the Board of Directors for discussion and consideration as part of its oversight responsibility. Communication to the Board To foster better communication from our shareholders and other interested persons, we maintain a process for shareholders and others to communicate with the Audit Committee and the Board. The process has been approved by both the Audit Committee and the Board and meets the requirements of the NYSE and SEC. The methods of communication with the Board include telephone, mail, and e-mail. 888.312.2692 or 770.613.6348 Board of Directors c/o Code of Business Conduct Halliburton Company P.O. Box 2625 Houston, TX 77252-2625 USA BoardofDirectors@halliburton.com Our compliance team reviews all communications directed to the Audit Committee and the Board. The chair of the Audit Committee is promptly notified of any significant communication involving accounting, internal accounting controls, or auditing matters. The Lead Independent Director is promptly notified of any other significant communication, and any communications addressed to a named Director are promptly sent to that Director. Copies of all communications are available for review by any Director. Communications may be made anonymously or confidentially. Confidentiality shall be maintained unless disclosure is: required or advisable in connection with any governmental investigation or report; in the interests of Halliburton, consistent with the goals of our Code of Business Conduct; or required or advisable in our legal defense of a matter. Information regarding these methods of communication is available on our website at www.halliburton.com . HALLIBURTON 2026 Proxy Statement 19 Proposal No. 1 Election of Directors In considering whether a current Director should be nominated for election as a Director, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and the Board considered, among other matters, the expertise and experience of the Director; the annual performance evaluation of the Director; the Director s attendance at, preparation for, and engagement in Board and Committee meetings; the experience of the Board; the tenure of the Director; and the overall distribution of tenure among Directors to ensure sufficient experience with the Company s operations, performance, technology, and cycles of the industry. Qualifications and experiences of our Directors are provided under Information about Nominees for Director. The 12 nominees are all current Directors. If any nominee is unwilling or unable to serve, favorable and uninstructed proxies will be voted for a substitute nominee designated by the Board. If a suitable substitute is not available, the Board will reduce the number of Directors to be elected. Each nominee has indicated approval of his or her nomination and his or her willingness to serve if elected. The Directors elected will serve for the ensuing year and until their duly qualified successors are elected. Vote Required The affirmative vote of the majority of the votes cast by holders of shares of our common stock represented in person or by proxy and entitled to vote in the election of Directors is needed to approve the proposal. AFTER CONSULTATION WITH THE NOMINATING AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE, THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR THE ELECTION OF EACH OF THE DIRECTOR NOMINEES LISTED UNDER INFORMATION ABOUT NOMINEES FOR DIRECTOR . 20 HALLIBURTON 2026 Proxy Statement www.halliburton.com BOARD COMPOSITION The Halliburton Board of Directors represent an appropriate mix of experience and expertise. Determination of expertise includes consideration of the following, among other factors: public company leadership, including C-Suite experience; oil and natural gas experience; manufacturing, engineering, or technology experience; and experience relating to health, safety, the environment, and sustainability. 83% 7.3 Independence Average Non-Management Director Tenure NON-MANAGEMENT DIRECTOR QUALIFICATIONS AND EXPERIENCE STRATEGIC SKILLS Energy Industry Including Oil and Natural Gas Science, Technology, and Engineering Health, Safety, and Environment and Sustainability Strategic Planning and Risk Oversight International Business CORE SKILLS Corporate Governance, Legal, Compliance Accounting/Finance Information Technology and Cybersecurity Senior Executive Experience Board and Committee Leadership Experience People and Talent Management TENURE 11 10 7 4 14 0 17 3 3 4 Financial Expert Albrecht Leach Al Khayyal Cummings Gerber Banks Smith Malone Weiss Young HALLIBURTON 2026 Proxy Statement 21 Information about Nominees for Director Abdulaziz F. Al Khayyal Former Director and Senior Vice President of Industrial Relations, Saudi Aramco INDEPENDENT Age: 72 Director Since: 2014 Halliburton Committees Audit Health, Safety and Environment Current Public Company Directorships Marathon Petroleum Corporation (since 2016) Former Public Company Directorships (within last five years): None Other Directorships and Memberships Chairman, National Gas Industrialization Company, Saudi Arabia Mr. Al Khayyal has exceptional knowledge of the energy industry, including significant international experience, a thorough understanding of the geopolitics of the oil and natural gas business, and executive experience with the world s largest producer of crude oil. Mr. Al Khayyal retired from a senior leadership role at Saudi Aramco in 2014 after more than three decades of service. Skills and Qualifications Energy Industry, International Business, Strategic Planning: Mr. Al Khayyal is the retired director and Senior Vice President of Industrial Relations of Saudi Aramco. He held multiple senior roles of increasing responsibility during his career at Saudi Aramco, spanning from 1981 to 2014, including Senior Vice President, Refining, Marketing and International, and Vice President, Corporate Planning. He worked across many facets of the company, including leadership roles in sales and marketing, human resources, corporate planning, and international operations. Mr. Al Khayyal had responsibility or worked for assets and facilities around the globe, including in Saudi Arabia and the Middle East, the United States, South Korea, and the Philippines. Technology/Engineering: Mr. Al Khayyal served in several engineering assignments early in his Saudi Aramco career and worked in several midstream and downstream positions. In addition to his 33-year career at Saudi Aramco, Mr. Al Khayyal attended University of California, Irvine, where he received his Bachelor of Science degree in mechanical engineering and an MBA. Health, Safety Environment and Sustainability: Mr. Al Khayyal held a wide range of managerial positions in oil and natural gas operations and maintenance, including as Saudi Aramco s Senior Vice President, International Operations. While in this role, he oversaw the daily operations including environmental, safety, and security concerns for 50,000 employees across the Saudi Aramco organization. This extensive, directly applicable industry expertise brings important context and perspectives to the work of our Health, Safety and Environment Committee. Human Resources/Compensation: As Director of Personnel and later VP of Human Resources for three years at Saudi Aramco, Mr. Al Khayyal was responsible for recruitment, hiring, training, benefits and compensation practices, and policies and procedures across its global workforce. He led the initiative to form a medical joint venture with Johns Hopkins to manage healthcare needs for Saudi Aramco s 350,000 employees and dependents. Legal/Regulatory/Public Policy: Mr. Al Khayyal currently serves as a board member for Marathon Petroleum and is Vice Chair of the Sustainability and Public Policy Committee . As Senior Vice President of Industrial Relations, he had direct oversight of Saudi Aramco s global government relations efforts. 22 HALLIBURTON 2026 Proxy Statement www.halliburton.com William E. Albrecht President and CEO, Moncrief Energy, LLC INDEPENDENT Age: 74 Director Since: 2016 Halliburton Committees Compensation Health, Safety and Environment Current Public Company Directorships Crescent Energy (since 2025) Former Public Company Directorships (within last five years): Lead Independent Director, Valaris Inc. (2019-2021) Chairman of the Board, Vital Energy (2020-2025) Other Directorships and Memberships Director Certified, National Association of Corporate Directors Board Leadership Fellow, National Association of Corporate Directors Mr. Albrecht has extensive ex perience in the oil and natural gas industry and executive experience with a public oil and natural gas exploration and production company and an international offshore drilling company. As the President and CEO of Moncrief Energy, LLC, an independent oil and natural gas company, he has deep knowledge of the current dynamics in the U.S. oil and natural gas industry. Additionally, Mr. Albrecht s expertise in the field of engineering gives him technical understanding of Halliburton s products, services, and customers. Skills and Qualifications Energy Industry, International Business, Strategic Planning: Mr. Albrecht has spent more than 40 years in leadership positions in the domestic oil and natural gas industry. Since 2021, he has been the President and CEO of Moncrief Energy. Previously, Mr. Albrecht was Chairman of the Board of California Resources Corporation (CRC), an independent oil and natural gas company. He worked as Vice President at Occidental Petroleum and as President of Oxy Oil Gas, Americas. At Oxy, Mr. Albrecht had managerial oversight of its upstream assets. Prior to Oxy, Mr. Albrecht was an executive officer for domestic energy producer EOG Resources and a petroleum engineer for Tenneco Oil Company. Mr. Albrecht holds a Master of Science degree in systems management from the University of Southern California and a Bachelor of Science degree in engineering from the United States Military Academy at West Point. Accounting/Finance: Over multiple decades in oil and natural gas industry leadership roles, Mr. Albrecht has led development and acquisition efforts at companies including Kelley Oil Gas Corp., Contour Energy, EOG Resources, and Occidental Petroleum. His responsibilities have included oversight and active engagement in accounting and finance matters at each assignment. Health, Safety Environment and Sustainability: As a petroleum engineer for Tenneco Oil Company, Mr. Albrecht had hands-on experience in health, safety, environmental (HSE), and sustainability efforts and knows what it takes to maintain a safe and sustainable workplace. As President of Oxy Oil and Gas USA and later President of Oxy Oil and Gas Americas, Mr. Albrecht provided leadership and oversight on Oxy HSE performance and continuous improvement efforts. Mergers Acquisitions: Mr. Albrecht oversees strategy at Moncrief Energy. At EOG Resources, he served as Vice President of Acquisitions and Engineering, where he had responsibility for acquisitions, divestitures, and the annual SEC year-end reserves report. As Chairman of the Board of Rowan Companies, Mr. Albrecht oversaw the 2018 merger of Rowan and Ensco. As Chairman of the Board at CRC, he oversaw asset acquisitions such as the 2018 Elk Hills oil field purchase from Chevron. Human Resources/Compensation: As Chairman of the Board of CRC and as President and CEO of Moncrief Energy, Mr. Albrecht gained significant industry experience regarding compensation and HR matters, such as recruitment and hiring, benefits, and training. HALLIBURTON 2026 Proxy Statement 23 M. Katherine Banks Former President, Texas A M University INDEPENDENT Age: 66 Director Since: 2019 Halliburton Committees Health, Safety and Environment Nominating and Corporate Governance Current Public Company Directorships Peabody Energy (since 2023) Former Public Company Directorships (within last five years): None Other Directorships and Memberships Elected Fellow of the American Society of Engineers National Academy of Engineering Dr. Banks has significant experience in engineering, technology, and academia, and she brings unique expertise in scientific lab management, safety, and nuclear security. Before retiring in 2023, Dr. Banks served as President of Texas A M University. She also served as Vice Chancellor of National Laboratories and National Security Strategic Initiatives for the Texas A M University System, where she provided oversight of the Los Alamos National Laboratory contract and the George H.W. Bush Combat Development Complex at the RELLIS campus. Skills and Qualifications Strategic Planning: Dr. Banks has over 30 years of experience in academia and served as President of Texas A M University, one of the largest U.S. universities with more than 72,000 students and 10,000 faculty and staff members. Prior to becoming President, she served as the Dean of the College of Engineering for nine years at Texas A M and Head of the School of Civil Engineering at Purdue University. As governments and industries consider alternative forms of energy and as service companies consider additional products and services for emerging and alternative energy sources, Dr. Banks experience with engineering, technology, and nuclear security provides strategic insight into future opportunities. Technology/Engineering, Energy Industry: Dr. Banks technical training includes a Bachelor of Science degree in environmental engineering from the University of Florida, a Master of Science degree in environmental engineering from the University of North Carolina, and a Doctoral degree in civil and environmental engineering from Duke University. She has held numerous leadership positions in engineering schools, including serving as Vice Chancellor of Engineering and Dean of Texas A M s College of Engineering. Dr. Banks is an Elected Fellow of the American Society of Civil Engineers and was elected to the National Academy of Engineering. In addition to her leadership positions and national recognition in the field of engineering, she received Oil and Gas Investor s 25 Influential Women in Energy Pinnacle Award in 2021. Human Resources and Compensation: Given Halliburton s focus on developing talent, Dr. Banks knowledge of the American academic system is highly valuable to the Board s discussions of talent recruitment, retention, and development. Health, Safety Environment and Sustainability: At Texas A M, Dr. Banks helped establish the EnMed program, an innovative engineering medical school option created by Texas A M University and Houston Methodist Hospital, designed to educate a new kind of physician who will create transformational technology for health care. Dr. Banks previous oversight of Texas A M s Sustainability Master Plan provides unique perspectives and knowledge to the Board s work to oversee our environment, social, and governance strategy at Halliburton. Public Policy: Dr. Banks leadership positions included serving as Vice Chancellor of National Laboratories and National Security Strategic Initiatives. In these capacities she has had significant engagement on matters of public policy. 24 HALLIBURTON 2026 Proxy Statement www.halliburton.com Earl M. Cummings Managing Partner, MCM Houston Properties, LLC INDEPENDENT Age: 61 Director Since: 2022 Halliburton Committees Audit (Chair) Health, Safety and Environment Current Public Company Directorships None Former Public Company Directorships (within last five years): CenterPoint Energy (2020 - 2025) Other Directorships and Memberships Texas Southern University, Jesse H. Jones School of Business Advisory Council Member Texas Children s Hospital, Operations Planning Committee, and Compensation Committee Texas Chairman Roundtable Mr. Cummings has significant technical expertise, leadership in information technology solutions, experience with federal and state government issues, and deep entrepreneurship credentials needed for innovation in an evolving energy economy. In addition, Mr. Cummings brings valuable expertise in business strategy, capital markets, and mergers and acquisitions. Since 2013, Mr. Cummings has been the Managing Partner of MCM Houston Properties, a real estate fund that purchases, restores, and rents single-family residential properties in the Houston area. Skills and Qualifications Strategic Planning, Accounting/Finance: As Managing Partner of MCM Houston Properties, Mr. Cummings is responsible for executive leadership, capital raising, acquisition, and business and investment strategies of the fund and its assets. He has managed and sold more than 75,000 properties valued at over $5.5 billion. He is engaged in all phases of management and operation, including investor and finance relationships, project selection, due diligence, acquisition, asset management, portfolio optimization and disposition strategy, RFP preparation and response, vendor and talent selection, and political and government affairs. Mr. Cummings previously served on the Audit Committee of the CenterPoint Energy board of directors. He received an MBA from Pepperdine University. Technology/Engineering: Previously, Mr. Cummings served as Chief Executive Officer of The BTS Team, an information technology and staffing firm specializing in network, programming, database, and desktop support services. Additionally, Mr. Cummings has served on the board of C-STEM Robotics, where he was founding Chairman of the Executive Board. He received a Bachelor of Business Administration degree in management information systems from the University of Houston. Public Policy: At MCM, Mr. Cummings has extensive knowledge of and direct experience working with a variety of federal and state real estate issues, including federal contract administration, technical proposal preparation, partnership and mentoring agreements, Federal Acquisition Regulations, the Small Business Administration, and General Service Administration. Human Resources/Compensation: Mr. Cummings has direct HR and compensation experience through his former directorship at CenterPoint Energy, where he previously served on the Compensation Committee. Health, Safety Environment and Sustainability: Mr. Cummings is intimately familiar with the HSE requirements of a publicly traded company through his former work as the previous Chair of the Governance, Environment and Sustainability Committee of the CenterPoint Energy board of directors. HALLIBURTON 2026 Proxy Statement 25 Murry S. Gerber Former Executive Chairman of the Board, EQT Corporation INDEPENDENT Age: 73 Director Since: 2012 Halliburton Committees Audit Compensation (Chair) Current Public Company Directorships BlackRock, Inc. (since 2000) Former Public Company Directorships (within last five years): Chairman, U.S. Steel, 2012 - 2025 Other Directorships and Memberships Board of Trustees, Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Mr. Gerber has extensive business experience in the energy industry, with specific subject matter expertise in the United States (U.S.) unconventional oil and natural gas basins. Mr. Gerber s public company board experience spans two decades and multiple sectors, giving him important insights and perspectives on commodity markets and financial markets. Skills and Qualifications Energy Industry, Strategic Planning, Accounting/Finance, Technology/Engineering: Mr. Gerber served as Executive Chairman of EQT Corporation from 2010 until 2011, as its Chairman, President and CEO from 2000 to 2010, and before that as its President and CEO from 1998 to 2000. EQT is a large na tural gas company in the United States with a focus in natural gas production, gathering, processing, and transmission, primarily in the Appalachian Basin. Prior to this, Mr. Gerber served as CEO of Coral Energy (now Shell Trading North America) and held oil and gas technical and management positions from 1978 to 1998. Mr. Gerber brings deep executive expertise managing and overseeing strategic, operational, and financial matters for large, complex enterprises. His experience as Lead Independent Director at BlackRock and as Chair of the Audit Committee of United States Steel (before the 2025 purchase by Nippon Steel) provides valuable experience for the Halliburton Board. Mr. Gerber holds a Bachelor of Science degree in geology from Augustana College and a Master of Science degree in geology from the University of Illinois. Legal/Regulatory/Public Policy: Mr. Gerber is intimately familiar with legal and regulatory issues in highly regulated industries through his work at EQT and as the Lead Independent Director of BlackRock. At EQT, he had daily oversight of public policy issues related to the oil and natural gas industry. Mergers Acquisitions: During his time leading EQT, Mr. Gerber oversaw the company s growth from a local distribution company to the leading exploration and production company in the Appalachian Basin, investing $7 billion in the region. Human Resources/Compensation: As President and CEO of EQT, Mr. Gerber had direct oversight of company HR and compensation plans, practices, and training and retention efforts. Health, Safety Environment and Sustainability: As head of a large oil and natural gas company, Mr. Gerber had responsibility for company HSE initiatives and performance. He understands the critical nature of HSE requirements and their importance to the success of the business. Mr. Gerber serves on the Nominating, Governance Sustainability Committee at BlackRock. 26 HALLIBURTON 2026 Proxy Statement www.halliburton.com Timothy A. Leach Former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Concho Resources Inc. INDEPENDENT Age: 66 Director Since: 2025 Halliburton Committees Audit Nominating and Corporate Governance Current Public Company Directorships ConocoPhillips (since 2021) Former Public Company Directorships (within last five years): None Other Directorships and Memberships Director Emeritus and Advisor to the Board and Executive Committee of the Permian Strategic Partnership Board of Visitors for The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center Board of the Scharbauer Foundation Advisory Board of the Caesar Kleberg Wildlife Research Institute Mr. Leach brings more than fou r decades of leadership in the oil and natural gas industry, including expertise in upstream operations, strategic planning, and corporate governance. He retired from ConocoPhillips in August 2025 after serving in several senior roles, including Executive Vice President, Lower 48, and A dvisor to the Chief Executive Officer. Skills and Qualifications Energy Industry, International Business, Strategic Planning, Accounting/Finance : Mr. Leach served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Concho Resources Inc. from its founding in 2006 until its acquisition by ConocoPhillips in 2021. He also held the role of President from 2009 to 2017. Prior to that, he led Concho Oil Gas Corp. and a predecessor company to Concho Resources Inc., and held executive roles at Parker Parsley. Mr. Leach holds a Bachelor of Science in petroleum engineering from Texas A M University and a Master of Business Administration from the University of Texas of the Permian Basin. Health, Safety Environment and Sustainability: Throughout his career, Mr. Leach oversaw large-scale operations with a strong emphasis on safety, environmental stewardship, and sustainable development. His leadership at Concho and ConocoPhillips included responsibility for HSE performance across diverse geographies and asset types. Human Resources / Compensation: Mr. Leach s executive roles included oversight of organizational development, talent strategy, and compensation planning. His experience managing workforce transitions during mergers and acquisitions provides valuable insight into HR and governance matters. Legal / Regulatory / Public Policy: Mr. Leach has worked closely with regulatory bodies and industry groups throughout his career. HALLIBURTON 2026 Proxy Statement 27 Robert A. Malone Executive Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, First Sonora Bancshares, and The First National Bank of Sonora, Texas (dba Sonora Bank) INDEPENDENT Age: 74 Director Since: 2009 Lead Independent Director Since: 2018 Halliburton Committees Compensation Nominating and Corporate Governance Current Public Company Directorships Non-Executive Chairman of the Board, Peabody Energy (since 2016) and Director (since 2009) Teledyne Technologies (since 2015) Former Public Company Directorships (within last five years): BP Midstream Partners GP LLC, the general partner of BP Midstream (2017-2022) Other Directorships and Memberships None Mr. Malone has exceptional executive leadership experience, energy and natural resources industry expertise, and is highly experienced in crisis management, safety regulation compliance, and corporate restructuring. Mr. Malone is currently Executive Chairman, President and CEO of First Sonora Bancshares, and of Sonora Bank. He held global leadership roles at BP plc, BP America Inc., and BP Shipping Ltd. Skills and Qualifications Accounting/Finance, Strategic Planning, Mergers Acquisitions: In his current and prior roles, Mr. Malone has accrued years of experience setting and executing corporate strategy, leading acquisitions, and overseeing accounting and financial reporting processes. He brings important perspectives and context to the Board s discussions of finance and capital allocation. Energy Industry, Technology/Engineering: Prior to his current role at First Sonora, Mr. Malone was Executive Vice President of BP and the Chairman of the Board and President of BP America, at the time the largest producer of oil and natural gas and the second-largest gasoline retailer in the United States. Prior to this, Mr. Malone was Chief Executive Officer of BP Shipping and Alyeska Pipeline. Additionally, Mr. Malone serves as non-executive Chairman of the Board at Peabody Energy and as a board member of Teledyne Technologies, which provides enabling technologies for industrial growth markets. Mr. Malone holds a Bachelor of Science degree in metallurgical engineering from The University of Texas at El Paso and was an Alfred P. Sloan Fellow at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology where he earned a Master of Science degree in management. Legal/Regulatory/Public Policy: At BP, he led several efforts that required deep public policy, regulatory, and crisis management expertise, and he had direct oversight for the Law and Government Relations teams while at BP America. Human Resources/Compensation: Mr. Malone s executive leadership and board experience provides deep HR knowledge and insight from multiple industries. Through his work at Sonora Bank and BP, Mr. Malone brings knowledge on hiring, compensation, benefits, training, and retention matters that directly benefit our Board. International Business: Mr. Malone lived abroad and conducted business around the world while at BP and BP Shipping. This gives him deep perspective into the global energy industry. Health, Safety Environment and Sustainability: In his past roles within the global BP organization, Mr. Malone had strong operations experience, supported sustainability initiatives, and was responsible for HSE performance and improvement. He was a safety director and understands the day-to-day safety requirements for a global energy company. 28 HALLIBURTON 2026 Proxy Statement www.halliburton.com Jeffrey A. Miller Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer, Halliburton Company NON-INDEPENDENT Age: 62 Director Since: 2014 Halliburton Committees None Current Public Company Directorships None Former Public Company Directorships (within last five years): None Other Directorships and Memberships American Petroleum Institute National Petroleum Council Advisory Council, Texas A M University Dwight Look College of Engineering Board of Directors, Association of Former Students of Texas A M University The Council on Recovery Board of Trustees Greater Houston Partnership Board of Directors, Friends of Bill Wilson Board of Directors, Arab-American Bilateral chamber Mr. Miller joined Halliburton in 1997, working in various leadership roles of increasing responsibility and oversight, including serving on our Board of Directors since 2014. From 2014 to 2017, he served as President and Chief Health, Safety and Environment Officer. From 2017 to 2018, Mr. Miller served as President and CEO; beginning in 2019, he has served as Halliburton s Chairman of the Board, President and CEO. Mr. Miller brings deep global energy industry expertise, executive and business development experience, and in-depth knowledge of Halliburton s strategy, risks, human capital management programs, operations, and health, safety, and environment protocols. Mr. Miller holds a Bachelor of Science degree in agriculture and business from McNeese State University and an MBA from Texas A M University. Skills and Qualifications Energy Industry, Strategic Planning, International Business: Mr. Miller has extensive experience leading energy industry business efforts in every region of the world, including specific assignments living in Angola, Indonesia, Venezuela, and Dubai. He leads Halliburton s strategy and direction. He previously served as Senior Vice President, Global Business Development, and was responsible for Halliburton s largest global customers. Health, Safety Environment and Sustainability: Mr. Miller leads the Company s HSE and sustainability strategies and goals. He oversees Halliburton s HSE efforts and understands the daily requirements for an energy company to operate safely. Through his leadership, Halliburton made advance a sustainable energy future a strategic company priority, and the Company set and is achieving measurable sustainability targets that include reduction s in Scope 1 emissions. Accounting/Finance, Mergers Acquisitions: Mr. Miller is a CPA and worked at a major accounting firm prior to Halliburton. He has deep mergers and acquisitions experience, working closely on a number of significant acquisitions and divestitures. Through Mr. Miller s guidance, Halliburton focuses on driving capital efficiency across the balance sheet. Technology/Engineering: Through Mr. Miller s leadership, Halliburton advances digital and automation in its and its customers operations to create more intelligent, remote, autonomous, and environmentally friendly operations throughout the energy industry. Under his direction, Halliburton develops and provides innovative technology solutions and is the leader in active U.S. patents granted to oil and natural gas service companies. Human Resources/Compensation: In roles of increasing responsibility in locations around the world while at Halliburton, Mr. Miller gained significant experience leading people and organizations. Through his various roles, Mr. Miller developed deep insight into and hands-on leadership in HR matters, such as recruitment and hiring, compensation, benefits, and training. HALLIBURTON 2026 Proxy Statement 29 J. Shannon Slocum Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, Halliburton Company NON-INDEPENDENT Age: 53 Director Since: 2026 Halliburton Committees None Current Public Company Directorships None Former Public Company Directorships (within last five years): None Other Directorships and Memberships API Upstream Committee Mr. Slocum joined Halliburton in 2005 and has served in leadership roles of increasing responsibility across global operations, technology, finance, and business development. He was appointed Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer in 2026 and joined the Board of Directors the same year. Early in his Halliburton career, Mr. Slocum helped transform Landmark s software development model by establishing and expanding strategic partnerships in India. His software and international experience began before joining Halliburton, when he worked for BMC Software and helped establish its India development operations, including building an office in Pune. Mr. Slocum has also held account management responsibilities for o ne of the world s largest independent operating companies , strengthening customer engagement and deepening commercial relationships. He later joined Halliburton s finance organization, where he led global credit and collections and oversaw receivables, assessing customer creditworthiness, and managing financial risk across international markets. His international leadership experience includes serving as country manager in Azerbaijan and later as Vice President of Indonesia, where he led operations for five years. He subsequently served as Vice President of Cementing; Senior Vice President for the Europe, Eurasia, and Sub Saharan Africa region; Senior Vice President, Global Business Development and Marketing; and President of the Eastern Hemisphere from 2023 to 2025. Mr. Slocum holds a Bachelor of Science degree in industrial technology from Lamar University. Skills and Qualifications Global Operations and Strategic Execution: Mr. Slocum brings extensive experience in managing complex multi-region operations, including country management roles in Azerbaijan and Indonesia. He directs Halliburton s global execution strategy to maximize asset value for customers. Technology, Digital, and Innovation: Deep background in global software development and technology relationships; experience establishing development centers internationally and integrating digital innovation into operational strategy. Business Development and Customer Engagement : Mr. Slocum led major g lobal acc ounts, including one of the world s largest independent operating companies, and developed initiatives and marketing strategies that strengthened Halliburton s relationships with major customers and drove growth in key markets. Health, Safety, and Environment (HSE) : Mr. Slocum oversees HSE programs and ensures operational integrity across diverse environments. His leadership reinforces Halliburton s focus on safe and sustainable energy operations. Finance and Risk Management : Former leader of Halliburton s global credit and collections organization with responsibility for credit assessment and financial risk oversight. International Experience: Over two decades of operational and commercial leadership in the Eastern Hemisphere and Latin America where he gained deep insight into global energy markets and operational requireme nts. 30 HALLIBURTON 2026 Proxy Statement www.halliburton.com Maurice S. Smith Chairman, President Chief Executive Officer, Health Care Service Corporation INDEPENDENT Age: 54 Director Since: 2023 Halliburton Committees Compensation Nominating and Corporate Governance Current Public Company Directorships Ventas Corporation (since 2021) Former Public Company Directorships (within last five years): None Other Directorships and Memberships Chairman, Prime Therapeutics Board member, Blue Cross Blue Shield Association Board member, America s Health Insurance Plans (AHIP) Deputy Chair, Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago Mr. Smith has extensive senior leadership experience in the health care industry, currently serving as the Chairman, President and CEO of Health Care Service Corporation (HCSC), one of the largest U.S. health insurers. Mr. Smith began his career at HCSC in 1993 and has held positions of increasing responsibilities across a range of functions. He is Chairman of the Board of Prime Therapeutics (a privately held, partially owned subsidiary of HCSC with revenue of over $30 billion ), a diversified pharmacy solutions organization serving health plans, employers, and government programs. Mr. Smith brings to our Board deep expertise in setting and executing long-term corporate strategy, identifying and implementing important growth initiatives, and overseeing financial operations and activities. Skills and Qualifications Strategic Planning, Accounting/Finance, Mergers Acquisitions: Mr. Smith has held prominent leadership roles over the past three decades, with experience across sales, finance, strategy, operations, and government relations. Under his leadership as HCSC President (since 2019), CEO (since 2020), and f ormerly Vice Chair (2023-2025 ) . During his tenure, Mr. Smith has led HCSC s largest membership expansion and business growth in the company s nearly century-long history. He has delivered strong revenue and earnings growth and steered the company through an ever-evolving industry, including navigating the dynamic landscape created by a global pandemic and leading the acquisition of the Cigna Group s Medicare businesses, which increased HCSC s Medicare Advantage footprint from 5 to 30 states. Mr. Smith was President of Blue Cross Blue Shield of Illinois, a division of HCSC, from 2015 to 2019. Previously, he directed the company s investment and capital allocation strategies, capital structure, and financing activities, including important step-function growth initiatives such as the acquisition of Health Benefits and doubling HCSC s Medicare Advantage geographic footprint. Through these efforts, HCSC has achieved annual revenues over $88 billion and employs more than 34,000 people. Mr. Smith s board involvement with the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago provides context for current and future economic conditions. Mr. Smith earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in business administration from Roosevelt University and an MBA from Pepperdine University. Regulatory/Public Policy: With over 30 years in health care, Mr. Smith has gained invaluable experience with the trends, public policy matters, and direction of the industry. This experience enhances our Board s understanding of complex legal, regulatory, and compliance risks relevant to the business. Health, Safety Environment and Sustainability: Under Mr. Smith s leadership, HCSC has continued to advance its long-term impact by partnering with non-profits and local care providers to improve community health, create jobs, and operate in a responsible and sustainable manner. From this experience, Mr. Smith brings important context and perspectives to our boardroom that are invaluable in our oversight of sustainability initiatives and corporate social responsibility efforts. Human Resources/Compensation: Mr. Smith is intimately familiar with HR issues such as hiring, benefits, retention, and training, having served as a leader at one of the largest U.S. health insurers. HALLIBURTON 2026 Proxy Statement 31 Janet L. Weiss Former President, BP Alaska INDEPENDENT Age: 62 Director Since: 2023 Halliburton Committees Audit Health, Safety and Environment (chair) Current Public Company Directorships Tourmaline Oil Corp. (since 2020) Former Public Company Directorships (within last five years): None Other Directorships and Memberships Director, First National Bank Alaska Director, Northwest University Ms. Weiss has substantial experience in the oil and natural gas industry, including serving as the President of BP Alaska. Prior to that role, Ms. Weiss held numerous leadership positions at BP and ARCO. Through these experiences, Ms. Weiss gained and brings to our Board significant experience in engineering, management, health and safety, operations, and strategic planning, as well as invaluable insight and perspective on the operations and financial aspects of the global oil and natural gas industry. Skills and Qualifications Energy Industry, International Business, Strategic Planning, Accounting/Finance: Ms. Weiss retired in 2020 with more than 35 years of energy industry leadership experience. As President of BP Alaska, Ms. Weiss was responsible for BP s Alaska oil and natural gas exploration, development, and production activities, as well as its interests in the Trans-Alaska oil pipeline. Prior to that, she held key management positions throughout BP in North America and the UK. Ms. Weiss serves as a director at Tourmaline Oil, a publicly traded Canadian exploration and production company. Ms. Weiss also previously served on the audit committee of First National Bank of Alaska. Technology/Engineering: Beginning her career in Alaska, Ms. Weiss worked as a process engineer, reservoir engineer, petroleum engineer, and reservoir engineering advisor. Her executive appointments have included VP of Special Projects for BP Exploration Production and VP for Unconventional Gas Technology. Her engineering background is valuable in discussions about Halliburton s products and services strategy and the Board s oversight of related risks. Ms. Weiss earned a Bachelor of Science degree in chemical engineering from Oklahoma State University. Health, Safety Environment and Sustainability: Ms. Weiss has hands-on experience with the daily operational and HSE requirements needed to operate safely in the oil and natural gas industry. This includes roles as Vice President responsible for business delivery for fields in Wyoming and in the Gulf of Mexico Shelf, Reservoir Manager for fields in Alaska, Strategy Manager for Alaska, and Director of Organizational Capability for BP s Exploration and Production Operations and HSSE staff of over 7,000 people. Ms. Weiss serves as a member of the Environment, Safety, and Sustainability Committee of the Tourmaline board. Human Resources/Compensation: As President of BP Alaska and in roles of increasing responsibility prior to that, Ms. Weiss gained significant industry experience regarding compensation and HR matters, such as recruitment and hiring, benefits, and training. Corporate Governance: Ms. Weiss has deep governance experience through her time at BP and serving on the boards of public, private, and academic entities. She brings valuable business and cultural perspectives from her global, multinational experience that will contribute meaningfully to the Board s efforts. 32 HALLIBURTON 2026 Proxy Statement www.halliburton.com Tobi M. Edwards Young General Counsel, Saronic Technologies INDEPENDENT Age: 50 Director Since: 2022 Halliburton Committees Compensation Nominating and Corporate Governance (Chair) Current Public Company Directorships None Former Public Company Directorships (within last five years): None Other Directorships and Memberships Co-chair, Global Women s Democracy Network, International Republican Institute Ms. Young has extensive experience with legal and regulatory issues, policy-making, compliance, and corporate social responsibility, as well as valuable knowledge in technology and digital, including cybersecurity, data management, data privacy, artificial intelligence, and environment, social, and governance matters. Ms. Young serves as General Counsel for Saronic Technologies. She has direct experience in the executive, legislative, and judicial branches of the federal government, bringing valuable public policy experience to the Board. Skills and Qualifications Legal/Regulatory/Public Policy: Ms. Young brings vast legal, regulatory, and compliance experience and expertise to our Board. Currently Ms. Young is the General Counsel at Saronic Technologies. Formerly at Cognizant, Ms. Young served as Senior Vice President of Legal and Chief Corporate Affairs Officer. Prior to this, Ms. Young served as a law clerk to U.S. Supreme Court Associate Justice Neil M. Gorsuch from 2018 to 2019, as well as General Counsel and Board Secretary of the George W. Bush Foundation/Office of the Former President. Ms. Young also served as Associate White House Counsel and Special Assistant to President George W. Bush, as well as Press Secretary to U.S. Representative J.C. Watts, Jr. Ms. Young holds a Bachelor of Arts degree from The George Washington University and a Juris Doctor from the University of Mississippi School of Law. Technology/Engineering: In her former role at Cognizant, Ms. Young addressed legal and regulatory issues related to compliance, artificial intelligence, global data privacy, cybersecurity standards, and environment, social, and governance matters, among other issues. Ms. Young previously served as a board member for the U.S. Chamber of Commerce Litigation Center, the U.S.-India Business Council, which works to create an inclusive bilateral trade environment between the two countries, and for the Information Technology Industry Counsel, the IT industry s global trade association. These organizations address emerging policy and litigation issues, such as data privacy, cybersecurity, accessibility, and sustainability, that surround technology advancement. Health, Safety Environment and Sustainability: Previously at Cognizant, Ms. Young oversaw the company s corporate social responsibility portfolio focused on economic mobility, educational opportunities, health, and community sustainability, and she works closely on environment, social, and governance issues to develop policy and action on sustainability efforts. Strategic Planning, Accounting/Finance, Mergers Acquisitions/Global Business: Ms. Young has strong experience with strategic planning, mergers and acquisitions, and financial issues at Cognizant. HALLIBURTON 2026 Proxy Statement 33 Directors Compensation Directors Fees All non-management Directors receive an annual retainer of $130,000, which has not increased since 2022. The Lead Independent Director receives an additional annual retainer of $40,000, and the chair of each Committee receives an additional annual retainer for serving as chair as follows: Audit - $25,000; Compensation - $20,000; Health, Safety and Environment - $20,000; and Nominating and Corporate Governance - $20,000. Non-management Directors are permitted to defer all or part of their fees under the Directors Deferred Compensation Plan. Directors Equity Awards All non-management Directors receive an annual equity award with a value of approximately $200,000, increased in 2025 from $185,000, consisting of restricted stock units (RSUs), each of which represents the right to receive a share of common stock at a future date. These annual awards are made in December. The actual number of RSUs is determined by dividing $200,000 by the average of the closing price of our common stock on the NYSE on each business day during the month of November. The value of the award on the date of the award may be more or less than $200,000 based on the methodology described above for determining the number of RSUs to be awarded. Non-management Directors are permitted to defer all of their RSUs under the Directors Deferred Compensation Plan. Additionally, when a non-management Director first joins the Board, he or she receives an equity award shortly thereafter of RSUs equal to a prorated value of the annual equity award of $200,000. The factor used to determine the prorated award is the number of whole months of service from the beginning of the month in which Board service begins to the following first of December divided by 12. The number of RSUs awarded is determined by dividing the prorated award amount by the average of the closing price of our common stock on the NYSE on each business day during the full calendar month immediately preceding the date the Director joined the Board . Directors may not sell, assign, otherwise transfer, or encumber restricted shares (which were previously granted to non- management Directors) or RSUs until the restrictions are removed. Restrictions on RSUs lapse entirely on the first anniversary of the grant date with the applicable underlying shares of common stock distributed to the non-management Director unless the Director elected to defer receipt of the shares under the Directors Deferred Compensation Plan. If a non- management Director has a separation of service from the Board before completing the specified number of service years from the applicable award date, any unvested RSUs would be forfeited, unless the Board determines to accelerate vesting. Restrictions on restricted shares and RSUs lapse following termination of Board service only under specified circumstances, which include death or disability, retirement under the Director mandatory retirement policy, or early retirement after at least four years of service. During the restriction period, Directors have the right to (i) vote restricted shares, but not shares underlying RSUs, and (ii) receive dividends or dividend equivalents in cash on restricted shares and RSUs that have not been deferred. RSUs that have been deferred receive dividend equivalents under the Directors Deferred Compensation Plan. Directors Deferred Compensation Plan The Directors Deferred Compensation Plan is a nonqualified deferred compensation plan and participation is completely voluntary. Under the plan, non-management Directors are permitted to defer all or part of their retainer fees and all of the shares of common stock underlying their RSUs when they vest. If a non-management Director elects to defer retainer fees under the plan, then the Director may elect to have his or her deferred fees accumulate under an interest-bearing account or translate on a quarterly basis into Halliburton common stock equivalent units (SEUs) under a stock equivalents account. If a non-management Director elects to defer receipt of the shares of common stock underlying his or her RSUs when they vest, then those shares are retained as deferred RSUs under the plan. The interest-bearing account is credited daily with interest at the prime rate of Citibank, N.A. The SEUs and deferred RSUs are credited quarterly with dividend equivalents based on the same dividend rate as Halliburton common stock, and those amounts are translated into additional SEUs or RSUs, respectively. 34 HALLIBURTON 2026 Proxy Statement www.halliburton.com After a Director s retirement, distributions under the plan are made to the Director in a single distribution or in annual installments over a five- or ten-year period as elected by the Director. Distributions under the interest-bearing account are made in cash, while distributi ons of SEUs under the stock equivalents account and deferred RSUs are made in shares of Halliburton common stock. Messrs. Al Khayyal, Bennett, Patel, and Smith have deferred retainer fees under the plan. Dr. Banks, Ms. Weiss and Messrs. Al Khayyal, Albrecht, Bennett, Cummings, Patel, and Smith have deferred RSUs under the plan. Directors Stock Ownership Requirements We have stock ownership requirements for all non-management Directors to further align their interests with our shareholders. All non-management Directors are required to own Halliburton common stock at least equal to the greater of (i) the annual base retainer in effect on the date the non-management Director is first elected to the Board multiplied by five or (ii) $500,000. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee reviews the holdings of all non-management Directors, which include restricted shares, other Halliburton common stock, SEUs, and RSUs owned by the Director, at each May meeting. Each non-management Director has five years to meet the requirements, measured from the date he or she is first elected to the Board. Each non-management Director currently meets the stock ownership requirements or is on track to do so within the requisite five-year period. Director Clawback Policy We have adopted a supplemental recoupment policy under which we may seek, in appropriate cases, to recoup incentive- based compensation, including both time- and performance-vesting awards paid to, awarded to, or credited for the benefit of a Director, if and to the extent that it is determined that, in connection with the performance of that Director s duties, he or she breached his or her fiduciary duty through a knowing or reckless material violation of law; breached the Company s Code of Business Conduct in a matter that results in, or could reasonably expect to result in, material, reputational, or financial harm to the Company; or recklessly disregarded his or her duty to exercise reasonable oversight. We may also recoup incentive-based compensation if the Director is named as a defendant for such actions above, and we either determine that the action is not indemnifiable or the Director does not prevail at trial. The disinterested members of the Board and the disinterested members of the Compensation Committee and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee may be involved in reviewing, considering, and making determinations regarding the Director s alleged conduct, whether recoupment is appropriate or required, and the type and amount of incentive compensation to be recouped from the Director. There was no recoupment under the supplemental policy in 2025 . HALLIBURTON 2026 Proxy Statement 35 2025 Director Compensation Name Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ($) Stock Awards ($) Change in Pension Value and Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ($) All Other Compensation ($) Total ($) Abdulaziz F. Al Khayyal 130,000 212,948 24,405 60,948 428,301 William E. Albrecht 137,747 212,948 160,002 510,697 M. Katherine Banks 130,000 212,948 13,375 356,323 Earl M. Cummings 152,153 212,948 7,578 372,679 Murry S. Gerber 150,000 212,948 118,003 480,951 Timothy A. Leach (1) 10,598 212,948 112,500 336,046 Robert A. Malone 170,000 212,948 86,736 469,684 Maurice S. Smith 130,000 212,948 16,772 359,720 Janet L. Weiss 142,253 212,948 116,688 471,889 Tobi M. Edwards Young 150,000 212,948 5,268 368,216 Alan M. Bennett (2) 132,847 212,948 20,431 184,850 551,076 Bhavesh V. Patel (3) 50,357 1,661 27,140 79,158 (1) Mr. Leach joined the Board on December 2, 2025. (2) Mr. Bennett will retire immediately prior to the 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. (3) Mr. Patel retired immediately prior to the 2025 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. Fees Earned or Paid in Cash . The amounts in this column represent retainer fees earned or paid in fiscal year 2025 . Refer to the section Directors Fees for information on annual retainer fees. Stock Awards. The amounts in the Stock Awards column reflect the grant date fair value of RSUs awarded in 2025 . We calculate the fair value of equity awards by multiplying the number of RSUs granted by the closing stock price as of the award s grant date. The number of restricted shares (RSAs), outstanding RSUs, deferred RSUs, and SEUs held at December 31, 2025 , by non- management Directors are: Name Restricted Shares Outstanding RSUs Deferred RSUs SEUs Abdulaziz F. Al Khayyal 79,227 19,427 William E. Albrecht 71,061 M. Katherine Banks 7,485 13,810 Earl M. Cummings 18,820 Murry S. Gerber 2,000 7,485 Timothy A. Leach 7,485 Robert A. Malone 14,843 7,485 Maurice S. Smith 22,873 12,941 Janet L. Weiss 13,750 Tobi M. Edwards Young 7,485 Alan M. Bennett 25,236 90,860 4