=== CASY_2025-07-23.htm.gz ===
TABLE OF CONTENTS UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material Pursuant to 240.14a-12 CASEY'S GENERAL STORES, INC. (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check all boxes that apply): No fee required Fee paid previously with preliminary materials Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11 TABLE OF CONTENTS Dear Shareholders: I am pleased to invite you to attend the annual meeting of shareholders of Casey s General Stores, Inc., to be held at 8:30 a.m. Central Time on September 3, 2025. The annual meeting will be held online in virtual format only, via live audio webcast at: www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/CASY2025 The Notice of Annual Meeting and Proxy Statement describe the matters to be considered and voted upon. At the virtual annual meeting, you will have an opportunity to vote and submit your questions through the webcast site. Whether or not you attend the virtual annual meeting, it is important that your shares are represented. If you request a paper copy of the proxy materials, please promptly complete and return the proxy card or voter instruction form. Alternatively, you may vote by telephone or through the Internet as described below in the Proxy Statement. On behalf of the Board of Directors and Casey s leadership team, thank you for your support. Sincerely, Darren M. Rebelez Board Chair, President and Chief Executive Officer July 23, 2025 TABLE OF CONTENTS NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS September 3, 2025 8:30 a.m. Central Time www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/CASY2025 The 2025 annual shareholders meeting (the Annual Meeting ) of Casey s General Stores, Inc. will be held as follows: Date and Time Location Virtual Meeting Only Record Date Mailing Date September 3, 2025 8:30 a.m. Central Time www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/CASY2025 June 30, 2025 On or around July 23, 2025 We encourage you to access the Annual Meeting webcast prior to the start time. The Annual Meeting is virtual only via live audio webcast there is no physical location for the meeting. You can ask questions and vote during the meeting. Shareholders of record at the close of business on the record date are entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting. Proxy materials are first being distributed or made available as of the mailing date. At the meeting, the following items will be considered and acted upon, as described further in the Proxy Statement: 1 To elect eleven directors to serve until the next annual shareholders meeting and until their successors are elected and qualified 2 To ratify the appointment of KPMG LLP as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending April 30, 2026 3 To hold an advisory vote on our named executive officer compensation 4 To approve the Casey s General Stores, Inc. 2025 Stock Incentive Plan 5 Shareholder proposal regarding Scope 3 greenhouse gas reduction targets, if properly presented at the Annual Meeting 6 To transact such other business as may properly come before the Annual Meeting or at any adjournment or postponement thereof Your vote is important. It is important that your shares be represented and voted, whether or not you plan to attend the Annual Meeting. You can vote by any of the following methods: Internet Telephone Mail At the Annual Meeting You may vote on the Internet at www.proxyvote.com. You may vote by touch-tone telephone by calling 1-800-690-6903 or the number on your voter instruction form. If you received/requested paper proxy materials, return your completed/signed proxy card or voter instruction form in the postage-paid envelope provided. You may vote during the Annual Meeting on the virtual meeting website, listed above. See pages 5 - 8 for further details. You will need the 16-digit control number included in your notice, proxy card or voter instruction form in order to vote. By Order of the Board of Directors, Scott Faber Vice President, Deputy General Counsel and Corporate Secretary July 23, 2025 Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on September 3, 2025 The Notice of Annual Meeting of Shareholders, the Proxy Statement and Annual Report are available at http://materials.proxyvote.com/147528 TABLE OF CONTENTS TABLE OF CONTENTS SECTION PG. Proxy Statement Summary 1 2025 Fiscal Year Summary 1 2025 Annual Meeting Details 1 Voting Roadmap 2 Annual Meeting FAQs 5 Proposal 1: Election of Directors 9 Director Nominee Selection Process 9 Board Structure 10 Board Leadership 10 Nominees for Election at the Annual Meeting 11 Governance of the Company 17 Board Composition Director Nominees 17 Shareholder Rights 18 Accountability 18 Board Practices 19 Shareholder Engagement 19 Sustainability 20 The Board of Directors and Its Committees 21 Director Independence 21 Board Committees 21 The Board s Role in Risk Oversight 24 Shareholder Communications 24 Information About Our Executive Officers 25 Principal Shareholders 26 Beneficial Ownership of Shares of Common Stock by Directors and Executive Officers 27 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 28 Executive Summary 28 Executive Compensation Philosophy and Best Practices 30 Executive Compensation Process 31 Compensation Program Elements 34 Other Compensation Programs and Policies 42 Tax Treatment of Certain Compensation 43 Recent Executive Compensation Decisions for the 2026 Fiscal Year 43 SECTION (cont.) PG. Compensation Committee Report 44 Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 44 Compensation Programs and Risk Management 44 Executive Compensation 45 Summary Compensation Table 45 Grants of Plan-Based Awards in Fiscal 2025 47 Narrative to the Summary Compensation Table and Grants of Plan-Based Awards Table 48 Outstanding Equity Awards at 2025 Fiscal Year-End 51 Option Exercises and Stock Vested in Fiscal 2025 53 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation 53 Potential Payments upon Termination or Change of Control 54 CEO Pay Ratio 57 Pay Versus Performance Disclosure 58 Director Compensation 61 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 62 Report of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors 63 Proposal 2: Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 64 Independent Auditor Fees 64 Pre-Approval Procedures 64 Proposal 3: Advisory Vote on our Named Executive Officer Compensation 65 Proposal 4: Approval of 2025 Stock Incentive Plan 66 Proposal 5: Shareholder Proposal 75 Annual Reports 78 Shareholders Sharing an Address 78 Submission of Shareholder Proposals 78 Proxy Solicitation 79 Other Matters 79 Forward-Looking Statements 79 Appendix A: Non-GAAP reconciliations A-1 Appendix B: 2025 Stock Incentive Plan B-1 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY 2025 FISCAL YEAR FINANCIAL SUMMARY Casey s is the third largest convenience store retailer in the United States highlights include: Casey s At-a-Glance 2,904 Stores 19 U.S. States 49,000 Team Members $15.9 billion FY25 Revenue 9 million Casey s Rewards Members Casey s once again delivered exceptional performance for its shareholders during the 2025 fiscal year highlights include (as compared to the 2024 fiscal year-end): Net Income EBITDA * Share Price Diluted EPS $546.5 million $501.9 million (FY24) $1.2 billion $1.06 billion (FY24) $462.59 $319.58 (FY24) $14.64 $13.43 (FY24) 8.8% increase 13.2% increase 30.9% increase 8.2% increase *EBITDA is a non-GAAP measure defined as net income before net interest expense, income taxes, depreciation and amortization. See Appendix A for reconciliation of net income to EBITDA. In addition, Casey s built or acquired 270 stores during the 2025 fiscal year (the most in Company history), which included the acquisition of Fikes Wholesale and its 198 CEFCO convenience stores, expanding our footprint in Texas and including the new operating states of Florida and Alabama. 2025 ANNUAL MEETING DETAILS September 3, 2025 8:30 a.m. CT www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/CASY2025 (virtual only there is no physical meeting location) Record Date: June 30, 2025 Proposals Description Board s Voting Recommendation 1. Election of Directors To elect eleven directors to serve until the next annual shareholders meeting and until their successors are elected and qualified FOR each nominee 2. Ratify Auditors To ratify the appointment of KPMG LLP as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending April 30, 2025 FOR 3. Say on Pay To hold an advisory vote on our named executive officer compensation FOR 4. 2025 Stock Incentive Plan To approve the Casey s General Stores, Inc. 2025 Stock Incentive Plan FOR 5. Shareholder Proposal Shareholder proposal regarding Scope 3 greenhouse gas reduction targets, if properly presented at the Annual Meeting AGAINST Notice Proxy Statement 1 TABLE OF CONTENTS VOTING ROADMAP Proposal 1 Summary: Election of Directors **The Board recommends a vote FOR all director nominees** Nominees Div. Age Director Since Current Committees Nominee Composition* / Highlights A NCG C/HC Darren M. Rebelez Board Chair President and CEO, Casey s General Stores, Inc. 59 2019 Demographics Average Age = 61.7 years Average Tenure = 5.8 years Gender Diversity = 5 of 11 female (45%) Racial/Ethnic Diversity = 4 of 11 diverse (36%) Judy A. Schmeling (I) Lead Independent Director Former COO, HSN, Inc. and President, Cornerstone Brands 65 2018 M Sri Donthi (I) Chief Information Officer, Ralph Lauren Corporation 58 2022 M Governance Practices Annual election of directors Majority voting in uncontested elections Robust Lead Independent Director duties All directors independent other than CEO All committee members are independent Regular executive sessions Meaningful stock ownership requirements Proxy access (3/3/20/20) Single voting class of securities Robust code of conduct/ethics Regular board/committee self-assessments Director over-boarding limits Strong corporate governance guidelines ESG oversight by the Nom./Gov. Committee Donald E. Frieson (I) Retired Executive VP, Supply Chain, Lowe s Companies, Inc. 67 2018 M Cara K. Heiden (I) Retired Co-President, Wells Fargo Home Mortgage 69 2017 C* David K. Lenhardt (I) Former President and CEO, PetSmart, Inc. 56 2018 C Maria Casta n Moats (I) Retired Partner, PricewaterhouseCoopers, LLP 57 2024 M* (I) = Independent Div. = Diversity (gender, race, or ethnicity) C = Chair M = Member A = Audit * = Audit Committee Financial Expert NCG = Nominating and Corporate Gov. C/HC = Compensation and Human Capital Larree M. Renda (I) Retired Executive VP, Safeway, Inc. 67 2014 M Michael Spanos (I) CEO, Bloomin Brands, Inc. 59 2022 M* Gregory A. Trojan (I) Former CEO, BJ s Restaurants, Inc. 66 2021 C Allison M. Wing (I) CEO, Oobli, Inc. 58 2018 M Notice Proxy Statement 2 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal 2 Summary: Ratify Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm **The Board recommends a vote FOR ratification of KPMG** Summary Information About KPMG The Audit Committee has selected KPMG LLP to act as its independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending April 30, 2026, and seeks ratification of the selection. KPMG has been the Company s auditor since 1987. Proposal 3 Summary: Say on Pay **The Board recommends a vote FOR its NEO compensation** FY25 Named Executive Officers Compensation Governance Darren M. Rebelez President and CEO What We Do Best Practices Strong pay for performance Incentive pay with multiple metrics tied to long-term shareholder value Meaningful stock ownership requirements for officers Double-trigger change of control provisions Independent compensation consultant Annual say on pay vote What We Don t Do No guaranteed incentive payments No uncapped incentive compensation opportunities No hedging or pledging of Company stock No tax gross-ups No excessive benefits or perquisites No single-trigger change of control provisions Say on Pay Results : 2022: 97.0% , 2023: 97.6% , 2024: 97.9% Pay program in FY25 was substantially the same as FY24, which as noted, our shareholders overwhelmingly supported Stephen P. Bramlage, Jr. Chief Financial Officer Ena Williams Chief Operating Officer Thomas P. Brennan Chief Merchandising Officer Chad M. Frazell Chief Human Resources Officer FY25 Direct Compensation Elements Element Purpose FY25 Metrics Base Salary Attracts and retains executives by providing competitive fixed annual cash compensation Evaluated annually based on market and peer group data and individual and Company performance Annual Incentive Program ( AIP ) Performance based pay that delivers annual cash incentives when key financial/operating targets are met or exceeded 60% - EBITDA 40% - same store sales growth (inside sales) Long-Term Incentive Program ( LTIP ) Performance and time-based equity compensation to attract, retain and reward executives when key financial/operating targets are met or exceeded over a three-year performance period 75% PSUs (1/2 ROIC, 1/2 EBITDA) (+/- 25% rTSR modifier based on top/bottom quartile TSR) 25% time-based RSUs Notice Proxy Statement 3 TABLE OF CONTENTS FY25 Overall Pay Mix Incentive Highlights Target Direct Comp. Mix (CEO): FY25 AIP Payout : Due to the exceptional financial performance of the Company during the 2025 fiscal year, including record EBITDA of $1.2 billion, the 2025 AIP achieved a payout of 109% of target. Sal. AIP LTIP = 89% at-risk 11% 17% 72% Target Direct Comp. Mix (other NEO avg.): FY23-FY25 LTIP Payout : Due to the continued long-term financial success of the Company, the LTIP PSU awards granted during the 2023 fiscal year vested at 200% of target for the ROIC PSUs and 200% of target for the EBITDA PSUs. In addition, due to the Company s outstanding total shareholder return (TSR) at the 94th percentile relative to the S P 500 over such period (with actual TSR of 120%), the rTSR PSU modifier was achieved, resulting in a 25% increase in PSUs actually awarded, for a total LTIP payout at 250% of target. Sal. AIP LTIP = 76% at-risk 24% 21% 55% Proposal 4 Summary: 2025 Stock Incentive Plan **The Board recommends a vote FOR the 2025 Stock Incentive Plan** 2025 Stock Incentive Plan In June 2025, the Board approved the Casey s General Stores, Inc. 2025 Stock Incentive Plan (the 2025 Plan ), subject to approval by our shareholders at the Annual Meeting. The Plan is intended to replace and supersede the Casey s General Stores, Inc. 2018 Stock Incentive Plan, under which no new awards will be allowed to be granted as of the 2025 Plan s effective date. If approved by our shareholders at the Annual Meeting, the 2025 Plan will have a 10-year term with 1,650,000 shares of common stock available for issuance under the 2025 Plan pursuant to any form of equity awards permitted thereunder. Proposal 5 Summary: Shareholder Proposal **The Board recommends a vote AGAINST the shareholder proposal** Shareholder Proposal Regarding Scope 3 Greenhouse Gas Reduction Targets The Board recommends a vote against the shareholder proposal. Notice Proxy Statement 4 TABLE OF CONTENTS ANNUAL MEETING FAQs Why am I receiving these materials? The Company s Board of Directors, through the Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials, the Notice of Annual Meeting of Shareholders, this Proxy Statement and the proxy card, is soliciting your vote on matters being submitted for shareholder approval at the Company s 2025 annual shareholders meeting (the Annual Meeting ) and any adjournments or postponements thereof. When is the Annual Meeting? The 2025 Annual Meeting will be held at 8:30 a.m. Central Time on September 3, 2025. Is the Annual Meeting being held in a virtual only format? Yes. Due to strong virtual shareholder participation, and to provide the opportunity for shareholders in a broader geography to attend, the Annual Meeting will be virtual only, via live audio webcast at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/CASY2025. There is no in-person option to attend the Annual Meeting. We encourage you to access the webcast prior to the start time of 8:30 am Central Time. If you encounter any difficulties accessing the virtual meeting, please call: (844) 976-0738 (toll-free), or (303) 562-9301 (international). Do I need anything to attend the Annual Meeting? Yes. To participate in the Annual Meeting, you will need Internet access and the 16-digit control number included on your Notice, proxy card or voting instruction form. When accessing the meeting website, insert the control number where indicated. Can I vote my shares at the virtual Annual Meeting format? Yes. You will be able to vote your shares electronically during the Annual Meeting by following the voting prompts at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/CASY2025. Can I ask questions through the virtual Annual Meeting format, and are there any rules for questions? We are committed to ensuring that shareholders be afforded the same rights and opportunities to participate as they would at an in-person meeting, which includes the ability to ask questions of our Board, senior leadership team and a representative from our independent registered public accounting firm, KPMG LLP, during the allotted question and answer session that follows adjournment of the formal business of the Annual Meeting. The Board Chair (or designee) may exercise discretion as to the order in which questions are asked and the amount of time devoted to any one question, and we reserve the right to edit or reject questions we deem profane or otherwise inappropriate. In addition, we will not entertain questions that are (i) not pertinent to meeting matters or the business of the Company, (ii) related to material non-public information of the Company, (iii) related to personal grievances, (iv) derogatory references to individuals or that are otherwise in bad taste, (v) repetitious of statements made by another shareholder, or (vi) related to pending or threatened litigation (see the Annual Meeting rules and procedures on the meeting website). To submit your question the day of the Annual Meeting, beginning at 8:15 a.m. Central Time, log into www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/CASY2025, click on the Q A button, type your question into the Submit a Question field, and click Submit . If time does not allow for all questions, or a shareholder has a question after the annual meeting, please direct those questions to Brian J. Johnson, Senior VP Investor Relations and Business Development, Casey s General Stores, Inc., One SE Convenience Blvd., Ankeny, Iowa 50021. Do I need to be a shareholder to attend the Annual Meeting? No. The Annual Meeting will be accessible to anyone who is interested by visiting www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/CASY2025; however, non-shareholders will not be permitted to vote or submit questions through the meeting website. What is the record date for the Annual Meeting? The record date for the Annual Meeting is June 30, 2025 (the Record Date ). What is the mailing date for the Annual Meeting? This Proxy Statement and the proxy card are first being provided and/or made available on or about July 23, 2025, to each holder of record of common stock, no par value per share ( Common Stock ), of the Company at the close of business on the Record Date. Notice Proxy Statement 5 TABLE OF CONTENTS How many shares of Common Stock were issued and outstanding on the Record Date? There were 37,180,985 shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding on the Record Date. Each share of Common Stock will be entitled to one vote on all matters. What are the agenda items for the Annual Meeting? At the Annual Meeting, shareholders will vote on the following matters (i) to elect eleven directors to serve until the next annual shareholders meeting and until their successors are elected and qualified; (ii) to ratify the appointment of KPMG LLP as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending April 30, 2026; (iii) to hold an advisory vote on our named executive officer compensation; (iv) to approve the Casey s General Stores, Inc. 2025 Stock incentive Plan; (v) to vote on one shareholder proposal, if properly presented at the Annual Meeting, and (vi) to transact such other business as may properly come before the Annual Meeting or at any adjournment or postponement thereof. Are there any other items of business to be conducted at the Annual Meeting? The Board is not aware as of this date of any other matters proposed to be presented at the Annual Meeting other than those set forth herein. However, the persons named on the proxy card will have discretionary authority to vote on any other matter that is properly presented at the meeting, according to their best judgment. Who is entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting? The only securities eligible to vote at the Annual Meeting are shares of Common Stock. Only holders at the close of business on the Record Date of June 30, 2025, are entitled to vote. Each share represents one vote, and all shares vote together as a single class. A list of shareholders entitled to notice of the Annual Meeting is on file at the Company s office located at One SE Convenience Blvd., Ankeny, Iowa 50021, and will be available electronically to shareholders on the virtual meeting website during the Annual Meeting. How many shares are required for a quorum? The presence in person or by proxy of shareholders entitled to cast a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast at the Annual Meeting constitutes a quorum. Shareholders are entitled to one vote per share. Shares held by shareholders abstaining from voting but otherwise present at the meeting in person or by proxy ( abstentions ), and broker shares that are not voted on a particular proposal because the broker does not have discretionary voting power for that proposal and have not received voting instructions from the beneficial owner ( broker non-votes ), are included in determining whether a quorum is present. What vote is required for Proposal 1 election of directors? For Proposal 1, every shareholder has the right to vote each share of Common Stock owned by such shareholder on the Record Date for as many persons as there are directors to be elected. Cumulative voting is not permitted. The Company s Articles of Incorporation provide for a majority voting standard in uncontested elections, meaning that the number of votes cast FOR a director nominee must exceed the number of votes cast AGAINST that director nominee (a Majority Vote ). Abstentions and broker non-votes will not be counted as votes cast and will have no effect on the results of the vote for Proposal 1. What if a director nominee does not receive a Majority Vote? The Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines provide that any director in an uncontested election who does not receive a Majority Vote is expected to tender his or her resignation as a director. All of the current directors have tendered irrevocable resignations to the Company that will be effective if that director does not receive a Majority Vote and the Board accepts such resignation. What vote is required for Proposal 2 ratification of independent registered public accounting firm? Proposal 2 requires the affirmative vote of the majority of the votes cast on the proposal, meaning that the number of shares voted FOR the proposal must exceed the number of shares voted AGAINST the proposal. Abstentions will not be counted as votes cast and will have no effect on the results of the vote for Proposal 2. Broker non-votes are not expected for Proposal 2. What vote is required for Proposal 3 advisory vote on named executive officer compensation ( say-on-pay )? Proposal 3 requires the affirmative vote of the majority of the votes cast on the proposal, meaning that the number of shares voted FOR the proposal must exceed the number of shares voted AGAINST the proposal. Abstentions and broker non-votes will not be counted as votes cast and will have no effect on the results of the vote for Proposal 3. Notice Proxy Statement 6 TABLE OF CONTENTS What vote is required for Proposal 4 approval of 2025 Stock Incentive Plan? Proposal 4 requires the affirmative vote of the majority of the votes cast on the proposal, meaning that the number of shares voted FOR the proposal must exceed the number of shares voted AGAINST the proposal. Abstentions and broker non-votes will not be counted as votes cast and will have no effect on the results of the vote for Proposal 4. What vote is required for Proposal 5 shareholder proposal? Proposal 5 requires the affirmative vote of the majority of the votes cast on the proposal, meaning that the number of shares voted FOR the proposal must exceed the number of shares voted AGAINST the proposal. Abstentions and broker non-votes will not be counted as votes cast and will have no effect on the results of the vote for Proposal 5. How do I vote my shares? You may vote at the Annual Meeting through the virtual meeting website at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/CASY2025 or by submitting a completed proxy. What is a proxy? By submitting a proxy, you are legally authorizing another person to vote your shares. The proxy card designates Darren M. Rebelez and Judy A. Schmeling to vote your shares in accordance with the voting instructions you indicate on your proxy card. If you submit your proxy card designating Mr. Rebelez and Ms. Schmeling as the individuals authorized to vote your shares, but you do not indicate how your shares are to be voted, your shares will be voted by these individuals in accordance with the Board s recommendations, which are described in this Proxy Statement. If any matters, other than those in this Proxy Statement, are properly raised at the Annual Meeting, these individuals will have the authority to vote your shares on those matters in accordance with their discretion and judgment. How do I vote by submitting a completed proxy? Mail : You can vote your shares by mail by requesting a paper copy of the proxy materials by following the instructions on the Notice and promptly returning your completed proxy card in the envelope provided. For your proxy to be validly submitted and your shares to be voted in accordance with your instructions, mail your proxy card in time for it to be received by the morning of September 3, 2025. Telephone : You can vote your shares by calling the toll-free number indicated on your proxy card at any time on a touch-tone telephone and following the recorded instructions. If you vote by telephone, you may submit your voting instructions until 11:59 pm Eastern Time on September 2, 2025. If you are a beneficial owner, or you hold your shares in street name, contact your bank, broker or other holder of record to determine whether you will be able to vote by telephone. Internet (prior to the Annual Meeting) : You can vote your shares on the Internet by going to the website indicated on your proxy card and following the steps outlined. If you vote on the Internet, you may submit your voting instructions until 11:59 pm Eastern Time on September 2, 2025. If you are a beneficial owner, or you hold your shares in street name, contact your bank, broker or other holder of record to determine whether you will be able to vote on the Internet. What if I hold shares through the Company s 401(k) Plan? If you hold shares through the Company s 401(k) Plan (the 401K Plan ), the shares are not registered in your name, and your name will not appear in the Company s register of shareholders. Instead, your shares are registered in the name of a trust, administered by Principal Trust Company (the Trustee ). Only the Trustee will be able to vote your shares, even if you attend the Annual Meeting. You can direct the voting of the shares allocated to your account including changing or revoking a previously submitted vote on the Internet, by telephone or by mail on a proxy instruction card, but cannot direct the voting of your 401K Plan shares at the meeting. If voting instructions for shares in the 401K Plan are not returned, those shares will be voted by the Trustee in the same proportion as the shares for which voting instructions are returned by the other 401K Plan participants. To allow time for the Trustee to tabulate the vote of the 401K Plan shares, participant instructions must be received before 11:59 pm Eastern Time on August 28, 2025. Can I change my vote? Yes. If you have previously submitted a proxy card, you may change any vote you may have cast by following the instructions on the proxy card to vote by telephone or on the Internet, or by completing, signing, dating and returning a new proxy card, or by attending the Annual Meeting and voting your shares. If your shares are registered in the street name of a bank, broker or other holder of record, please contact the applicable bank, broker or record holder for instructions on how to change or revoke your vote. Notice Proxy Statement 7 TABLE OF CONTENTS Is my proxy revocable? Yes. Your proxy is revocable. If you are a shareholder of record, you may revoke it by mail before the Annual Meeting by sending a written notice to Scott Faber, Corporate Secretary, Casey s General Stores, Inc., One SE Convenience Blvd., Ankeny, Iowa 50021. If you wish to revoke your submitted proxy card and submit new voting instructions by mail, then you must sign, date and mail a new proxy card with your new voting instructions. Please mail any new proxy card in time for it to be received by the morning of September 2, 2025. If you are a shareholder of record and you voted your proxy card by telephone or on the Internet, you may revoke your submitted proxy and/or submit new voting instructions by that same method, which must be received by 11:59 pm Eastern Time on September 2, 2025. You also may revoke your proxy card by attending the Annual Meeting and voting your shares. Attending the Annual Meeting without taking one of the actions above will not revoke your proxy. If you are a beneficial owner, or you hold your shares in street name as described below, please contact your bank, broker or other holder of record for instructions on how to change or revoke your vote. What if I hold my shares in street name through a bank or broker? If your shares are not registered in your name but in the street name of a bank, broker or other holder of record (a Nominee ), your name will not appear in the Company s register of shareholders. Your Nominee, as the record holder of your shares, is required to vote those shares in accordance with your instructions. If you do not give instructions to your Nominee, your Nominee will be entitled to vote the shares with respect to discretionary items but will not be permitted to vote the shares with respect to non-discretionary items those shares are treated as broker non-votes. Proposal 1 election of directors, Proposal 3 executive officer compensation, Proposal 4 2025 Stock Incentive Plan, and Proposal 5 shareholder proposal, are non-discretionary items for any Nominee holding shares on your behalf. As a result, if your shares are held in street name and you do not provide instructions as to how your shares are to be voted, your Nominee will not be able to vote your shares on these proposals. Note that even if you attend the virtual Annual Meeting, you cannot vote the shares that are held by your Nominee unless you have a proxy from your Nominee. If you do not provide instructions to your Nominee and your Nominee does not vote your shares on your behalf with respect to Proposal 2 ratification of the selection of the independent registered public accounting firm, which is a discretionary item, your shares will not be counted in determining whether a quorum is present for the Annual Meeting. If your Nominee exercises its discretionary authority to vote your shares on Proposal 2, your shares will be counted in determining whether a quorum is present for all matters presented at the Annual Meeting. We urge you to provide instructions to your Nominee so that your votes may be counted on these important matters. Please contact your Nominee for the deadlines for submission of your vote and for instructions on how to change or revoke your vote. What is the Company s mailing address? The Company s principal executive office mailing address is One SE Convenience Blvd., Ankeny, Iowa 50021. Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on September 3, 2025 To attend the virtual Annual Meeting, visit www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/CASY2025. Information on how to vote at the virtual Annual Meeting is available by contacting Scott Faber, Corporate Secretary at (515) 963-3802, or by writing to us at: Casey s General Stores, Inc., Corporate Secretary, One SE Convenience Blvd., Ankeny, Iowa 50021. The Notice of Annual Meeting of Shareholders, this Proxy Statement and the Annual Report to Shareholders for the year ended April 30, 2025, are available at http://materials.proxyvote.com/147528. The Company also makes available, free of charge through its website www.caseys.com, under the Investor Relations link at the bottom of each page this Proxy Statement, the Annual Report to Shareholders, the Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to these reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as soon as reasonably practicable after these documents are electronically filed with, or furnished to, the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). Notice Proxy Statement 8 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Director Nominee Selection Process To ensure the Board is comprised of highly-talented and experienced individuals, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee (the NCG Committee ) annually assesses the competencies and skills possessed by each director. The NCG Committee also considers the skills and competencies the Board, as a whole, should possess to provide effective oversight of the Company s business. Based on that assessment and as otherwise deemed appropriate, the NCG Committee may establish search criteria for Board candidates, select suitable candidates for interviews and recommend appropriate candidates to the Board for consideration. Board candidates are considered based on various criteria, including relevant business and board skills and experiences, judgment and integrity, reputation in their profession, diversity of background, education, leadership ability, concern for the interests of shareholders and relevant regulatory guidelines. These considerations are made in light of the needs of the Board at the particular point in time. The director nominees have a broad skillset and diverse backgrounds across areas that are directly relevant to the long-term success of the Company: Notice Proxy Statement 9 TABLE OF CONTENTS Board Structure The Board may consist of between seven and twelve persons, and individuals may be elected by the Board to fill any vacancies or to occupy any new directorships. The person filling a vacancy or a newly-created directorship serves until the next annual shareholders meeting following their election and until their successor is elected and qualified. All director nominees stand for annual election. On June 5, 2024, the Board, based on a recommendation of the NCG Committee, increased the number of directors from ten to eleven, and appointed Ms. Casta n Moats to the Board effective July 1, 2024, during the 2025 fiscal year. At last year s shareholders meeting, she was re-elected for an annual term, receiving over 99% support from our shareholders. Board Leadership The Board has no fixed policy with respect to the combination of the positions of Board Chair and CEO, as the Board believes that it is in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders for the Board to assess the Board leadership structure in light of the circumstances then existing. If the Board Chair is not an independent director, the independent directors will designate a lead independent director, selected from the independent directors, who will carry out those duties as set forth in the Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines (the Guidelines ). Since June of 2023, Mr. Rebelez, our President and CEO, has also been the Board Chair. The Board believes that Mr. Rebelez s inclusive leadership style, exceptional track record of success since his appointment as President and CEO in 2019, and deep understanding of the Company s business, growth opportunities and challenges, makes him uniquely qualified to provide strong and effective leadership to the Board, foster a collaborative relationship between the Board and management, and promote alignment of the Company s long-term strategic plan with its operational and financial execution. Since that time, Ms. Schmeling has been the Lead Independent Director ( LID ). The Board determined that her exceptional mix of strategic management skills and executive and outside board leadership experience (including outside board chair experience) was ideal for the role and responsibilities of LID and to serve as the primary liaison between the Board and management going forward. The position of LID at Casey s will be evaluated by the NCG Committee, and elected by the independent directors, on an annual basis, taking into consideration the needs of the Board and the Company at such time. The role itself has a clear mandate, significant authority and well-defined and robust responsibilities/duties under the Guidelines, which were significantly enhanced as part of Mr. Rebelez s and Ms. Schmeling s respective appointments to Board Chair and LID. The LID responsibilities/duties, as set forth in the Guidelines, include the following: Board Leadership Preside at all executive sessions of the independent directors and at any other meetings of the Board at which the Board Chair is not present, or otherwise at the Board Chair s request Serve as interim Board Chair if the Board Chair is unable to perform his or her duties Participate in establishing, soliciting input from the independent directors for, and approving Board meeting agendas and the Board meeting calendar and schedule, and establish agendas for the executive sessions of the independent directors Call meetings of the independent directors, if and as appropriate Provide feedback regarding the quality, quantity, appropriateness and timeliness of information provided to the Board Advise and recommend outside advisors and consultants who report to the Board, and authorize the retention of those who report directly to the independent directors Where appropriate, consult with the Chief Legal Officer for advice and counsel in the course of fulfilling the LID s duties Serve as an independent contact for independent directors on matters deemed to be best discussed initially with the LID or in other situations where the Board Chair is unavailable Collaborate with the Board Chair and the NCG Committee, and as appropriate, the Board, to develop and implement the procedures governing the Board s work Notice Proxy Statement 10 TABLE OF CONTENTS Board Culture Facilitate the efficient and effective functioning and performance of the Board and its committees, as appropriate Along with the Board Chair, encourage and facilitate active and candid participation of all directors, including by fostering an environment of open dialogue and constructive feedback among the independent directors that ensures diverse viewpoints of all directors are heard Facilitate discussion among the independent directors on key issues and concerns outside of Board meetings, in an effort to develop consensus between the independent directors Internal Communication Serve as the principal liaison between the independent directors and the Board Chair/CEO to facilitate clear communication, respect, and trust Ensure smooth information flow by providing feedback to the Board Chair regarding issues discussed, views expressed, decisions made, etc. during executive sessions of the independent directors Participate in discussions with the Board Chair regarding the results of the annual CEO, Board and committee performance evaluations Meet regularly with the Board Chair outside of Board meetings Review with the Corporate Secretary the LID responsibilities on an annual basis, and recommend to the Board for approval of any modifications or changes Stakeholder Engagement As deemed appropriate by the Board, be available for consultation and serve as a point of contact for direct communication with shareholders and other key constituents who request communication with independent directors Act as a spokesperson on behalf of the Board in circumstances where it is appropriate for the Board to have a voice independent of management Succession Planning, Performance Evaluations, Compensation and Development Help facilitate, and participate in discussions with, the Compensation and Human Capital Committee, and as appropriate the independent directors and the Board, regarding: (i) CEO succession planning, (ii) the annual performance evaluation of the CEO, and (iii) CEO compensation Help facilitate, and participate in discussions with, the NCG Committee, and as appropriate the independent directors and the Board, regarding: (i) recommendations for Board and committee composition, leadership and development, and Board succession, including the interview and selection process for Board candidates and the chair position for each Board committee; conduct interviews, along with the NCG Chair, of candidates for such positions, and (ii) the Board, committee and director self-assessment process Nominees for Election at the Annual Meeting The NCG Committee has recommended, and the Board has nominated, each of the eleven director nominees below to stand for election at the Annual Meeting, each for an annual term expiring in 2026. The Board believes that each nominee has demonstrated outstanding achievement in their careers, possesses personal and professional integrity and independent judgment, and has the necessary skills and qualifications to provide effective oversight, strategic guidance and contribute to the future success and growth of the Company. It is intended that all proxies, unless contrary instructions are given thereon, will be voted FOR the election of the eleven director nominees. In the event of death or disqualification of any nominee, or the refusal or inability of any nominees to serve as a director, the proxy may be voted with discretionary authority for the election of a substitute nominee approved by the Board. *THE BOARD RECOMMENDS THAT YOU VOTE FOR THE ELECTION OF EACH OF THE ELEVEN DIRECTOR NOMINEES* Notice Proxy Statement 11 TABLE OF CONTENTS Information About the Director Nominees I = Independent, A = Audit Committee, * = Audit Committee Financial Expert, NCG = Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, C/HC = Compensation and Human Capital Committee Nominee Career Highlights Relevant Board Skills Darren M. Rebelez, 59 Board Chair President and CEO, Casey s General Stores, Inc. Casey s General Stores, Inc. President/CEO (2019-Present) IHOP Restaurants (unit of Dine Brands Global) President (2015-2019) 7-Eleven, Inc. EVP/COO (2007-2014) Public Company CEO Experience Senior Business Operations Leadership Consumer Products, Retail Real Estate, Development, Construction Marketing, Brand Management M A Restaurant and Food Service Corporate Strategy Mr. Rebelez, the Company s President, CEO and Board Chair, brings a wealth of experience as an executive in the convenience store and restaurant industries, most recently as the President of IHOP Restaurants, a unit of Dine Brands Global, Inc., which franchises and operates restaurants under the Applebee s and IHOP brands. Prior to joining Dine Brands, Mr. Rebelez was employed by 7-Eleven, Inc., a convenience store chain, as Executive VP and COO. Before 7-Eleven, Mr. Rebelez held numerous management roles within ExxonMobil. In 2024, Mr. Rebelez was named by CSP as its Retailer Leader of the Year. His wide-ranging experience enables Mr. Rebelez to provide important insights to the Board regarding operations, marketing, digital engagement, product development, management and strategic planning. Director since : 2019, Committees : None, Other public boards : Genuine Parts Company (since 2023), Globe Life (2010-2023) Nominee Career Highlights Relevant Board Skills Judy A. Schmeling, 65 (I) Lead Independent Director Former COO, HSN, Inc. and Former President, Cornerstone Brands HSN, Inc. COO (2013-2017) EVP/CFO (2008-2017) EVP/CFO (2002-2008; when known as IAC Retailing) Financial/leadership positions (1994-2002) Cornerstone Brands (a division of HSN) President (2016-2017) Senior Business Operations Leadership Consumer Products, Retail Digital Marketing, E-Commerce Capital Markets, Investment Banking, Asset Management, IR M A Finance, Accounting, Financial Reporting Risk Management Corporate Strategy Ms. Schmeling, the Company s Lead Independent Director, is a seasoned executive, bringing over 20 years of financial, operational and leadership experience with her from HSN, a leading interactive multichannel retailer and the first television shopping network. She has also served in various roles through multiple corporate transitions, including the spin-off of HSN from IAC and HSN s integration of additional businesses. Throughout her career as an executive and a director at other public companies, Ms. Schmeling has been at the forefront of new and emerging industries and has developed extensive expertise in accounting/finance, and has significant experience with operations, treasury functions, tax, investor relations and corporate strategy. Ms. Schmeling was also named to the 2020 NACD Directorship 100, a list of directors who promote exemplary board leadership and oversight. Director since : 2018, Committees : NCG, Other public boards : Constellation Brands, Inc. (2013-2024), Canopy Growth Corp. (2018-2024) Notice Proxy Statement 12 TABLE OF CONTENTS Nominee Career Highlights Relevant Board Skills Sri Donthi, 58 (I) Chief Information Officer, Ralph Lauren Corporation Ralph Lauren Corporation CIO (2025-Present) Advance Auto Parts, Inc. EVP, CTO (2018-2025) PepsiCo, Inc. SVP/CIO, Frito-Lay, Global e-Commerce (2017-2018), AMENA, Global e-Commerce (2014-2017), Corporate Functions, Global Groups and Technology Services (2011-2014) CIO, PepsiCo Int l Transformation (2008-2011) Global CTO (2006-2008) VP, Global Infrastructure Management (2004-2006) Motorola Information Technology Management/leadership positions (1994-2004) Senior Business Operations Leadership Consumer Products, Retail Digital Marketing, E-Commerce IT, Security Corporate Strategy Mr. Donthi is a seasoned technology executive, bringing more than 23 years of experience leading and developing technology functions and IT infrastructure, and overseeing cybersecurity programs, in the retail and consumer products industries. He is currently serving as CIO for Ralph Lauren Corporation, a global leader in the design, marketing and distribution of luxury lifestyle products, where he is responsible for its overall technology strategy and transformation. Prior to joining Ralph Lauren Corporation, Mr. Donthi served as Executive VP, Chief Technology Officer of Advance Auto Parts, Inc. a leading automotive aftermarket parts provider, since 2018, where he was responsible for its overall IT organization, technology platforms and related strategic initiatives. Previously, he worked at PepsiCo, Inc. for 14 years in a number of leadership roles, most recently as SVP, CIO Frito-Lay where his team led a comprehensive effort to digitize their core business, and SVP, CIO PepsiCo Asia, Middle East and North Africa, where he was responsible for all IT-related services. Before PepsiCo, Mr. Donthi spent 10 years at Motorola in various IT leadership and operational roles. Director since : 2022, Committees : Audit, Other public boards : None Nominee Career Highlights Relevant Board Skills Donald E. Frieson, 67 (I) Retired Executive Vice President, Supply Chain, Lowe s Companies, Inc. Lowe s Companies, Inc. EVP, Supply Chain (2018-2024) Sam s Club (division of Walmart) EVP, Operations (2014-2017) SVP, Replenishment, Planning Real Estate (2012-2014) Massmart Holdings (subsidiary of Walmart) Chief Integration Officer (2011-2012) Walmart, Inc. SVP, Supply Chain Eastern U.S. (2010) President, Central Division (2007-2010) Operational/management positions (1999-2007) Senior Business Operations Leadership Consumer Products, Retail Real Estate, Development, Construction Supply Chain, Logistics, Distribution Corporate Strategy Mr. Frieson has over 30 years of sophisticated operations, logistics and supply chain experience, most recently as Executive VP, Supply Chain, of Lowe s Companies, Inc., the world s second largest home improvement retailer, where, prior to his retirement in 2024, he was responsible for its distribution centers, logistics, replenishment and planning, transportation and delivery services. Previously, he spent 19 years within the Walmart organization where he was Executive VP of Operations at Sam s Club, responsible for all club operations, including supply chain, for more than 650 locations in the U.S. and Puerto Rico, and Senior VP of Supply Chain, where he led more than 30 distribution centers that supplied nearly 1,600 stores, supercenters and neighborhood markets. Director since : 2018, Committees : C/HC, Other public boards : None Notice Proxy Statement 13 TABLE OF CONTENTS Nominee Career Highlights Relevant Board Skills Cara K. Heiden, 69 (I) Retired Co-President, Wells Fargo Home Mortgage Wells Fargo Home Mortgage Co-President (2004-2011) Head of National Consumer Lending (1998-2004) Head of Loan Administration (1994-1997) VP/CFO (1992-1994) Wells Fargo Bank Iowa SVP/CFO (1988-1992) Financial leadership positions (1981-1988) Senior Business Operations Leadership Consumer Products, Retail Marketing and Brand Management M A Public Policy, Government Affairs, Regulatory, Compliance, Legal Finance, Accounting, Financial Reporting Risk Management Corporate Strategy Ms. Heiden has over 20 years of executive leadership experience in the financial services industry, serving in both regional and national roles in the Wells Fargo organization. Her successful financial services career led to her being named multiple times to U.S. Banker magazine s list of 25 Most Powerful Women in Banking, and she was elected to the Iowa Business Hall of Fame in 2019. Ms. Heiden s extensive financial, strategy, marketing, operational, and consumer policy expertise will provide the Board with valuable insight in those key areas. Director since : 2017, Committees : A* (Chair), Other public boards : None Nominee Career Highlights Relevant Board Skills David K. Lenhardt, 56 (I) Former President and Chief Executive Officer, PetSmart, Inc. PetSmart, Inc. President/CEO (2013-2015) President/COO (2012-2013) Management/leadership positions (2000-2012) Bain Company, Inc. Manager (1996-2000) Public Company CEO Experience Senior Business Operations Leadership Consumer Products, Retail Real Estate, Development, Construction Capital Markets, Investment Banking, Asset Management, IR M A Finance, Accounting, Financial Reporting Risk Management Corporate Strategy Mr. Lenhardt is a seasoned executive, bringing over 15 years of operations, services and leadership experience with him from PetSmart, a leading specialty retailer of pet products and services, where he served three years as President and two years as President and CEO. During that time, Mr. Lenhardt successfully completed PetSmart s strategic review process in 2014, which resulted in the sale of PetSmart to BC Partners for $8.7 billion in 2015, representing the highest equity valuation in its history. Prior to PetSmart, Mr. Lenhardt served as manager of Bain Company, Inc., where he led consulting teams for retail, technology and e-commerce clients. Director since : 2018, Committees : NCG (Chair), Other public boards : None Nominee Career Highlights Relevant Board Skills Maria Casta n Moats, 57 (I) Retired Partner, PricewaterhouseCoopers, LLP PricewaterhouseCoopers, LLC Partner (2004-2024) Leader, Governance Insights Center (2021-2024) Vice-Chair, Mexico US Assurance Leader (2016-2019) Chief Diversity Officer (2011-2016) Associate/Manager positions (1994-2004) Senior Business Operations Leadership Consumer Products, Retail M A Finance, Accounting, Financial Reporting Corporate Strategy Ms. Casta n Moats is a seasoned public accounting and governance leader, bringing over 30 years of experience from PricewaterhouseCoopers, LLP (PwC), an international accounting and professional services firm. As a partner in the firm for over 20 years, Ms. Casta n Moats led PwC s Governance Insights Center from 2021 to 2024, and held previous leadership roles as its Vice-Chair, Mexico US Assurance Leader from 2016 to 2019, where she oversaw PwC s national assurance practice and served on its US and Global Assurance Executive leadership teams, and was PwC s Chief Diversity Officer from 2011 to 2016. Throughout her career, Ms. Casta n Moats regularly provided accounting, financial reporting, investigations and M A services to both private and public clients across the retail, consumer and industrial products industries, and was named as number two on Fortune magazine s inaugural 50 Most Powerful Latina s List. Director since : 2024, Committees : A*, Other public boards : None Notice Proxy Statement 14 TABLE OF CONTENTS Nominee Career Highlights Relevant Board Skills Larree M. Renda, 67 (I) Retired Executive VP, Safeway, Inc. Safeway, Inc. EVP (1999-2015) SVP (1994-1999) Management/leadership positions (1974-1994) Senior Business Operations Leadership Consumer Products, Retail Real Estate, Development, Construction Digital Marketing, E-Commerce Marketing, Brand Management Public Policy, Government Affairs, Regulatory, Compliance, Legal Risk Management Corporate Strategy Ms. Renda is a distinguished, 40-year veteran of the retail grocery industry, including over two decades in senior and executive leadership positions at Safeway, a U.S. supermarket chain. Her diverse responsibilities included retail strategy, labor relations, public affairs, communications, government relations, health initiatives, human resources, corporate social responsibility and sustainability, philanthropy, IT, construction and real estate. In her early career at Safeway, Ms. Renda earned the distinction of being the youngest store manager, district manager and retail operations manager in Safeway s history. She was also the first female and youngest person promoted to Senior VP, and subsequently became Safeway s first female Executive VP. Ms. Renda was twice voted as one of the 50 Most Influential Women in Business by Fortune magazine. Director since : 2014, Committees : NCG , Other public boards : Ross Stores, Inc. (2020-2024) Nominee Career Highlights Relevant Board Skills Michael Spanos, 60 (I) CEO, Bloomin Brands, Inc. Bloomin Brands, Inc. CEO (2024-Present) Delta Air Lines, Inc. COO (2023-2024) Six Flags Entertainment, Inc. President/CEO (2019-2021) PepsiCo, Inc. CEO, Asia, Middle East and North Africa (2018-2019) President/CEO, Greater China Region (2014-2018) SVP/CCO, North America Beverages (2011-2014) Management/leadership positions (1993-2011) Public Company CEO Experience Senior Business Operations Leadership Consumer Products, Retail Digital Marketing, E-Commerce Marketing, Brand Management Supply Chain, Logistics, Distribution Capital Markets, Investment Banking, Asset Management, IR Public Policy, Government Affairs, Regulatory, Compliance, Legal Finance, Accounting, Financial Reporting Risk Management Corporate Strategy Mr. Spanos, currently CEO of Bloomin Brands, Inc., one of the world s largest casual dining companies, is a seasoned global executive, bringing over 25 years of frontline leadership, strategy, operations, and retail consumer products experience to the Board. Previously, he was COO of Delta Air Lines, Inc., one of the world s largest airlines, from 2023-2024. From 2019-2021, Mr. Spanos was the President and CEO of Six Flags Entertainment, Inc., a leading entertainment provider, where he guided the company through the pandemic and a digital and customer-focused transformation. Prior to Six Flags, Mr. Spanos served as the Chief Executive Officer, Asia, Middle East and North Africa, of PepsiCo, Inc., a leading global food and beverage company, from January 2018 to November 2019. Mr. Spanos previously served as interim head of PepsiCo, Inc. s Asia, Middle East and North Africa division from October 2017 to January 2018 and as President and Chief Executive Officer, PepsiCo Greater China Region, from September 2014 to January 2018. Prior to that, Mr. Spanos served as Senior Vice President and Chief Customer Officer, PepsiCo North America Beverages from October 2011 to September 2014. Mr. Spanos previously held management roles of increasing responsibility at PepsiCo, Inc. since 1993 in North America, Europe, Asia, and the Middle East. Director since : 2022, Committees : A*, Other public boards : Six Flags Entertainment (2019-2021), Bloomin Brands, Inc. (2024-Present) Notice Proxy Statement 15 TABLE OF CONTENTS Nominee Career Highlights Relevant Board Skills Gregory A. Trojan, 66 (I) Former CEO, BJ s Restaurants, Inc. BJ s Restaurants, Inc. CEO (2013-2022) President (2012-2018) Guitar Center, Inc. President/CEO (2010-2012) President/COO (2007-2010) House of Blues Entertainment, Inc. CEO (1998-2006) President (1996-1998) Public Company CEO Experience Senior Business Operations Leadership Consumer Products, Retail Restaurant and Food Service Real Estate, Development, Construction Marketing, Brand Management M A Finance, Accounting, Financial Reporting Corporate Strategy Mr. Trojan has over 25 years of experience leading national restaurant, retail and consumer products companies. He most recently served as CEO, and is currently a director of, BJ s Restaurants, Inc., the owner and operator of over 200 casual dining restaurants throughout the U.S., where he also served as President from 2012 through 2018. Mr. Trojan was previously employed by Guitar Center, Inc., a leading retailer of musical instrument products, where he served as President, CEO and director from 2010 to 2012 and as President, COO and director from 2007 to 2010. From 1998 to 2006, Mr. Trojan served as CEO of House of Blues Entertainment, Inc., an operator of restaurant and music venues, concerts and media properties, having served as President from 1996 to 1998. Prior to that, he held various positions with PepsiCo, Inc. from 1990 to 1996, including service as CEO of California Pizza Kitchen, Inc. when it was owned by PepsiCo. Earlier in his career, Mr. Trojan was a consultant at Bain Company, the Wharton Small Business Development Center and Arthur Andersen Company. Director since : 2021, Committees : C/HC (Chair), Other public boards : BJ s Restaurants, Inc. (Since 2012) Nominee Career Highlights Relevant Board Skills Allison M. Wing, 58 (I) CEO, Oobli, Inc. Oobli, Inc. CEO (2021-Present) Bright Health Chief Consumer Officer (2019-2021) Chief Marketing/Digital Officer (2018-2019) Ascena Retail Group, Inc. CMO and EVP, Digital (2014-2017) giggle, Inc. Founder, CEO and Chairperson (2004-2014) Senior Business Operations Leadership Consumer Products, Retail Digital Marketing, E-Commerce Marketing, Brand Management M A IT, Security Corporate Strategy Ms. Wing has over 25 years of experience leading growth, brand and strategy across consumer, retail and technology companies. Ms. Wing is currently CEO of Oobli, Inc., a venture-backed food biotechnology and consumer products company. Prior to Oobli, Ms. Wing was Chief Consumer Officer for Bright Health, a venture-backed health technology services company as the company grew from $200m to over $3B in revenues. Previously, at Ascena Retail Group, Ms. Wing was a Chief Marketing Officer EVP of Digital for a public portfolio of retail brands with more than 5,000 stores. Ms. Wing founded led giggle, Inc. an omni-channel retailer manufacturer of consumer products with more than 750 retail locations. Early in her career, Ms. Wing worked for Nike progressing through marketing corporate development roles followed by several years in Silicon Valley leading growth, brand product across a variety of technology companies. Ms. Wing practiced law as a corporate securities attorney, has her JD MBA from Northwestern University has been recognized by Women s, Inc. among its Top 100 Corporate Board of Directors. Director since : 2018, Committees : C/HC, Other public boards : Christopher Banks Corporation (2019-2021) *THE BOARD RECOMMENDS THAT YOU VOTE FOR THE ELECTION OF EACH OF THE ELEVEN DIRECTOR NOMINEES* Notice Proxy Statement 16 TABLE OF CONTENTS GOVERNANCE OF THE COMPANY The Company is committed to strong corporate governance, which we believe promotes the long-term interests of our shareholders, strengthens Board and management accountability and fosters strong Company performance. To help ensure the Company meets this commitment, the Board has approved the Guidelines, which are reviewed on an annual basis, to address key governance practices and identify the framework for the operations of the Board and its committees. A copy of the Guidelines is posted on the Company s website (www.caseys.com) under the Investor Relations link. The NCG Committee monitors developments in law and governance practices and recommends to the Board appropriate changes to the Guidelines and other governance practices. The NCG Committee also maintains Board-level oversight of sustainability-related issues as they relate to the Company s business and industry. Certain highlights of our corporate governance practices include the following: BOARD COMPOSITION DIRECTOR NOMINEES 10 of 11 Director Nominees Independent 45% Female Director Nominees 36% Racial/Ethnic Diversity of Nominees Comprehensive Board Enhancements Robust Lead Independent Director Duties Only non-independent director is Darren M. Rebelez, Board Chair and President/CEO 5 of 11 director nominees female, including Audit Chair and Lead Independent Director 4 of 11 director nominees with racial/ethnic diversity, including Board Chair 9 new directors since 2018, including Ms. Casta n Moats in July of 2024 Significantly enhanced LID responsibilities/duties, as set forth in the Guidelines Additional Information Board Enhancements : In July 2024, the Board added Ms. Casta n Moats as an independent director. Board Chair/Lead Independent Director : The Board has no fixed policy with respect to the combination of the positions of Board Chair and CEO, as the Board believes that it is in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders for the Board to assess the Board leadership structure in light of the circumstances then existing. If the Board Chair is not an independent director, the independent directors will designate a lead independent director ( LID ), selected from the independent directors, who will carry out those duties as set forth in the Guidelines. Since June of 2023, Mr. Rebelez, our President and CEO, has also been the Board Chair. The Board believes that Mr. Rebelez s inclusive leadership style, exceptional track record of success since his appointment as President and CEO in 2019, and deep understanding of the Company s business, growth opportunities and challenges, makes him uniquely qualified to provide strong and effective leadership to the Board, foster a collaborative relationship between the Board and management, and promote alignment of the Company s long-term strategic plan with its operational and financial execution. Since that time, Ms. Schmeling has been the LID. The Board determined that her exceptional mix of strategic management skills and executive and outside board leadership experience (including outside board chair experience) was ideal for the role and responsibilities of LID and to serve as the primary liaison between the Board and management going forward. The position of LID will be evaluated by the NCG Committee, and elected by the independent directors, on an annual basis, taking into consideration the needs of the Board and the Company at such time. The role itself has a clear mandate, significant authority and well-defined and robust responsibilities/duties under the Guidelines, which were significantly enhanced as part of Mr. Rebelez s and Ms. Schmeling s respective appointments to Board Chair and LID, and which are set forth above in the section entitled Proposal 1: Election of Directors Board Leadership. Notice Proxy Statement 17 TABLE OF CONTENTS SHAREHOLDER RIGHTS Annual Elections Majority Voting in Uncontested Elections Proxy Access Annual Say-On-Pay Advisory Vote Single Voting Class of Securities All nominees stand for annual election Nominees are subject to a majority voting standard 3/3/20/20 proxy access structure Last year s say-on-pay received 97.9% approval No dual class or other preferred voting Additional Information Mandatory Resignation Policy/Contested Elections : The Guidelines provide that any nominee in an uncontested election who does not receive more votes cast for than against election/re-election (a Majority Vote ) is expected to tender his or her resignation as a director. In order to be nominated, candidates must agree to tender irrevocable resignations that will be effective upon (i) the failure to receive a Majority Vote at the next annual meeting at which they face re-election, and (ii) Board acceptance of such resignation. If an incumbent director fails to receive a Majority Vote, the NCG Committee will act on an expedited basis to determine whether to accept the resignation and will submit such recommendation for prompt consideration by the Board. Each of the NCG Committee and the Board may consider any factors they deem relevant. Thereafter, the Board will promptly disclose its decision-making process and decision regarding the resignation offer on a Form 8-K furnished to the SEC. In a contested election (i.e. the Company receives a notice that a shareholder has nominated a person for election to the Board in compliance with the requirements set forth in the Company s Bylaws (the Bylaws ), and such nomination has not been withdrawn on or prior to the day next preceding the date the Company first mails its notice for such meeting to the shareholders) directors will be elected by a plurality of the votes cast. Proxy Access : A shareholder or a group of up to 20 eligible shareholders owning 3% or more of the Company s outstanding shares of Common Stock continuously for at least three years may nominate and include in the Company s annual meeting proxy materials, for any annual meeting of shareholders at which directors are to be elected, director nominees constituting up to the greater of (i) 20% of the total number of directors of the Company, or (ii) two individuals; provided that the nominating shareholder(s) and nominee(s) satisfy the requirements described in the Bylaws. ACCOUNTABILITY Strong Anti-Hedging and Pledging Policy Compensation Recovery Policy Meaningful Stock Ownership Requirements Robust Code of Conduct/Ethics Insider Trading Policy Hedging and pledging of Company stock is prohibited Shall seek reimbursement of incentive payments in the case of certain financial restatements Director: 5x cash retainer CEO: 5x base salary Chief/SVP: 3x base salary VP: 2x base salary All directors and officers bound by a robust Code of Business Conduct and Ethics Promotes compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations Additional Information Hedging/Pledging : Directors, officers, designated key employees and those designated as insiders (including their spouses or other family members residing in their households) may not engage in any hedging or monetization transactions with respect to the Company s securities, including, but not limited to, through the use of financial instruments such as exchange funds, prepaid variable forwards, equity swaps, puts, calls, collars, forwards and other derivative instruments, or through the establishment of a short position in the Company s securities. Further, such persons may not engage in short-term or speculative transactions in the Company s securities that could create heightened legal risk and/or the appearance of improper or inappropriate conduct, including short-term trading, short sales, and publicly traded options. In addition, the Company prohibits all pledging of Company stock or holding it in a margin account. Compensation Recovery ( Clawback ) Policy : In addition to any other remedies available under law, the Company shall recoup, in all appropriate circumstances and in accordance with applicable law, any incentive payment made to an executive officer or former executive officer whenever (i) the payment was based upon achieving certain financial results that were subsequently the subject of an accounting restatement due to the material noncompliance of the Company with any financial reporting requirement under the securities laws (other than changes to historical financial statements that do not represent error corrections including a restatement caused by a change in applicable accounting rules or interpretations), and (ii) a lower payment would have been made to the executive officer or former executive officer based on the restated financial results. The Company will, to the extent practicable, recoup from the executive officer the amount by which the incentive payments for the recoverable period exceeded the lower payment that would have been made based on the restated financial results. Stock Ownership : Within five years of joining the Board, directors must accumulate share holdings of at least five times the annual cash retainer for non-Board Chair directors (excluding committee retainers) (the cash retainer as of September 2024 was $100,000, for a total ownership requirement of $500,000). Within five years of hire or promotion to their respective positions, the CEO and other all other officers must accumulate share holdings of a multiple of their base salary, as follows: CEO, 5x base salary; Chief/SVP, 3x base salary; and VP, 2x base salary. Restricted stock, unvested service-based restricted stock units (RSUs) and vested 401K Plan shares count towards the requirement, however unvested performance-based restricted stock units (PSUs) and stock options do not count. All of the NEOs have met their respective ownership requirements. Insider Trading Policy : The Company has adopted insider trading policies and procedures applicable to its directors, officers, and employees that are reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations, and any applicable Nasdaq listing standard. The Company's Insider Trading Policy and Procedures was filed as Exhibit 19.1 to our annual report on Form 10-K. In addition, it is our policy to comply with applicable securities and state laws, including insider trading laws, when engaging in transactions in the Company's securities. Notice Proxy Statement 18 TABLE OF CONTENTS BOARD PRACTICES Regular Board and Committee Self-Assessments Director Over-Boarding Limits Strong Corporate Governance Guidelines Regular Executive Sessions Meaningful Director Age/Tenure Limits Comprehensive self-assessments during the 2025 fiscal year May not serve on more than two other public company boards Key governance practices/framework for the Board and committees The Board held four executive sessions during the 2025 fiscal year Absent good reason, tenure limit of 15 years and/or age limit of 75 years Additional Information Over-Boarding : Under the Guidelines, directors may not serve on more than two other public company boards. In addition, service on the boards of not-for-profit organizations or other entities that may require a similar time commitment must be disclosed and be acceptable to the Board. In addition, outside board service is required to be disclosed to the Board Chair and NCG Committee Chair prior to acceptance in order to comply with these limits and avoid any conflicts of interest. Executive Sessions : The Guidelines require a minimum of two executive sessions, led by the LID, in which only the independent directors are present, to be held each year in conjunction with regularly scheduled Board meetings. It is the Board s current practice to hold at least one executive session in conjunction with every regularly scheduled Board meeting. Age/Tenure Limits : Individual directors will generally not stand for re-election after completing 15 years of service on the Board or after reaching 75 years of age, subject to extension at the discretion of the Board. SHAREHOLDER ENGAGEMENT Regular and Direct Shareholder Engagement Regular Investor Conference Attendee and Participant Director Attendance at the Annual Meeting During the 2025 fiscal year, the Company directly engaged with shareholders representing over 60% of outstanding shares Participation and presentations are made available to the public via live webcast All directors are required to attend the annual shareholders meeting and be available to answer questions Additional Information Engagement : The Company embraces shareholder engagement as an important tenet of good corporate governance, which promotes the long-term interests of our shareholders. As part of this commitment, the Company regularly and actively engages with shareholders and other investors and stakeholders to solicit input, better understand their viewpoints, answer questions and discuss our performance and strategic plan. Director Attendance at Annual Meetings : The Company is committed to ensuring that shareholders be afforded the same rights and opportunities to participate at the virtual Annual Meeting as they would at an in-person meeting. As such, shareholders are able to submit questions to the Board during the Annual Meeting by following the question prompts on the meeting website and typing the question into the space provided therefor. Notice Proxy Statement 19 TABLE OF CONTENTS SUSTAINABILITY Fifth Annual Sustainability Report Published in July 2025 Board-Level Oversight of Sustainability Sustainability Committee The Company published its fifth annual sustainability report in July 2025 which outlines our current sustainability initiatives, practices and objectives Under its written charter, the NCG Committee has Board-level oversight responsibilities for the Company s sustainability-related efforts and reporting Cross-functional sustainability committee that meets on a quarterly basis to discuss and strategize the Company s sustainability-related efforts and disclosures Additional Information FY25 Report : The Company published our fifth annual sustainability report in July 2025 available on the Company s website (www.caseys.com) under the Investor Relations link prepared in accordance with the standards published by the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB), which also identified the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) that we believe best align with our business activities and key priority areas. The report incorporates five areas related to our business, as follow: Responsible Business Practices Our Team Our Guest Experience Our Communities Our Environmental Commitment We are committed to sound corporate governance and ethical practices, building long-term value for our shareholders and trust with all stakeholders We strive to provide an environment where our team members are treated with respect, dignity and integrity, supporting growth and development in their individual roles and as a team We are passionate about providing an excellent guest experience Casey s strives to make life better for communities and guests every day We are committed to advance environmental practices that reduce the impact of our operations Notice Proxy Statement 20 TABLE OF CONTENTS THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND ITS COMMITTEES Members of the Board are kept informed of the Company s business through discussions with the Board Chair/CEO, the Company s senior leadership team and other executives and key employees, by reviewing comprehensive materials provided to them, and by participating in regular Board and committee meetings, including closed and executive sessions. Between meetings, directors are provided with information regarding the Company s strategy, operations and performance, and are frequently consulted on an informal basis by the Board Chair/CEO and the Company s senior leadership team with respect to ongoing matters. Directors are expected to attend all Board meetings, meetings of the committees on which they serve, and each annual shareholders meeting. The Board held five meetings during the 2025 fiscal year. Each director attended 100% of the Board and applicable committee meetings during their service throughout the 2025 fiscal year and all directors attended last year s annual shareholders meeting. Director Independence In making independence determinations, the Board observes the independence criteria in the Nasdaq Listing Standards. Consistent with these criteria, the Board considers all relationships and material transactions between the Company and the director-nominees (and any affiliated companies), and has affirmatively determined that all current directors, other than Mr. Rebelez as the President/CEO, and all committee members, are independent . As such, a substantial majority of the Board is independent, as so defined. Board Committees The Bylaws provide for three standing committees of the Board: Audit , Compensation and Human Capital Committee , and Nominating and Corporate Governance . In addition, the Bylaws authorize the Board to establish other committees for selected purposes, none of which were in existence during the 2025 fiscal year. Information About the Board Committees (I) = Independent under Nasdaq Listing Standards, ACFE = Audit Committee Financial Expert under Item 407(d)(5) of Reg. S-K AUDIT COMMITTEE Committee Members 100% Independent Cara K. Heiden Chair (I), ACFE Sri Donthi (I) Maria Casta n Moats (I), ACFE Michael Spanos (I), ACFE The Audit Committee is directly responsible for the appointment, termination, compensation, evaluation and oversight of the independent registered public accounting firm it retains to audit the Company s books and records. Under its written Charter, the Audit Committee also regularly reports to the Board on the audit and the non-audit activities of the auditors, approves all audit engagement fees, pre-approves any non-audit engagement and compensation of the independent registered public accounting firm, discusses with management major financial risk exposures, correspondence with regulators or government agencies and material legal matters, and performs other duties as set forth in its Charter. In addition, the Committee takes a primary role in the Board s oversight of the Company s cybersecurity and food safety programs. The Audit Committee meets regularly each year with financial management personnel, internal accounting and auditing staff and the independent registered public accounting firm. The agenda for each regularly scheduled meeting has separate executive sessions for the Audit Committee and each of the CFO, the Director of Internal Audit and the independent registered public accounting firm. FY25 Meetings 5 Audit Committee Charter at www.caseys.com (Investor Relations link) Audit Committee Report p. 63 Notice Proxy Statement 21 TABLE OF CONTENTS COMPENSATION AND HUMAN CAPITAL COMMITTEE Committee Members 100% Independent Gregory A. Trojan Chair (I) Donald E. Frieson (I) Allison M. Wing (I) The Compensation and Human Capital Committee ( C/HC Committee ) oversees our executive and director compensation program, engages in succession planning for the CEO and other executive officer positions and takes a primary role in the Board s oversight of certain of the Company s human resources efforts. The C/HC Committee annually reviews the performance of the CEO and makes recommendations to the Board concerning the compensation of the CEO and determines the compensation of the Company s other executive officers. Its determinations and deliberations of the CEO s compensation are done in executive session, without the presence of management, including the CEO. The CEO makes recommendations regarding the compensation of the other executive officers, and participates in such deliberations, but shall not vote to approve any compensation for such executive officers. The C/HC Committee also administers the 2018 Stock Incentive Plan and may authorize awards of stock options, restricted stock units, performance-based restricted stock units, restricted stock and other awards to the executive officers and other key employees under that plan. The C/HC Committee recommended that the Board approve, and the Board did approve, the 2025 Stock Incentive Plan, which is intended to replace the 2018 Stock Incentive Plan. The terms of the 2025 Stock Incentive Plan are generally consistent with the terms of the 2018 Stock Incentive Plan. For more information on the proposed 2025 Stock Incentive Plan, see Proposal 4. . In addition, the C/HC Committee engages in succession planning for the CEO and other executive officers and makes recommendations to the Board with respect to such matters. The C/HC Committee also periodically reviews the compensation of directors. Under its written Charter, the C/HC Committee has authority to retain and terminate executive compensation consulting firms to advise the C/HC Committee and, from time to time, retain compensation consultants and outside counsel to assist with the C/HC Committee s review and development of its compensation recommendations. FY25 Meetings 5 C/HC Committee Charter at www.caseys.com (Investor Relations link) C/HC Committee Report p. 44 NOMINATING AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE Committee Members 100% Independent David K. Lenhardt Chair (I) Larree M. Renda (I) Judy A. Schmeling (I) The NCG Committee generally reviews and makes recommendations to the Board regarding its composition and structure, establishes criteria for Board membership and evaluates policies relating to the recruitment of Board members, recommends to the Board the corporate governance policies or guidelines, leads the Board in a periodic review of the Board s performance, provides Board-level oversight of the Company s sustainability efforts and reporting, and performs other duties set forth in its written Charter. The Charter sets forth, among other things, the minimum qualifications that the NCG Committee has determined must be met by a Committee-recommended nominee, and the specific qualities or skills that the NCG Committee believes are necessary for one or more of the Company s directors to possess. In particular, the NCG Committee Charter provides that, because the Board depends both on (i) the character, judgment, objectivity and diverse experience of its individual directors and (ii) their collective strengths, the Board should be composed of directors with the following characteristics: Director Characteristics A variety of experience and backgrounds Independent under the applicable SEC and listing standards Represent the balanced, best interests of the shareholders as a whole rather than special interest groups or constituencies, while taking into consideration the overall composition/needs of the Board The highest character and integrity, have experience at or demonstrated understanding of strategy/policy-setting and a reputation for working constructively with others Free of any conflict of interest which would interfere with the proper performance of the responsibilities of a director Sufficient time available to devote to the affairs of the Company in order to carry out the responsibilities of a director High level managerial experience in a relatively complex organization or are accustomed to dealing with complex problems The NCG Committee considers a number of factors in making nominee recommendations to the Board, including, among other things: Other Factors of Consideration Employment and other professional experience, including other board experience Past expertise and involvement in areas which are relevant to the Company Business ethics and professional reputation The Company does not have a formal diversity policy for director nominees, but the NCG Committee considers traditional diversity and diversity of viewpoint, experience, background and other qualities in its overall consideration of nominees qualified for election to the Board Notice Proxy Statement 22 TABLE OF CONTENTS Although the Board evaluates a wide range of qualifications and experience, certain areas are of particular relevance to the Company, including, among other things: Skills and Qualifications Senior business operations leadership Consumer products and retail Real estate, development and construction Digital marketing and e-commerce Marketing and brand management Supply chain, logistics and distribution Capital markets, investment banking, asset management and investor relations Public policy and governmental affairs, regulatory compliance and legal Information technology and cybersecurity Mergers and acquisitions Finance, accounting and financial reporting Risk management Public company CEO experience Restaurant and food service Corporate strategy In considering individuals for nomination as directors, the NCG Committee typically solicits recommendations from the current directors and their professional networks and is authorized to, and regularly does, engage search firms to assist in the process. The NCG Committee will consider nominees recommended by shareholders if they are submitted in accordance with the Bylaws, which contain specific advance notice procedures relating to shareholder nominations of directors and other business to be brought before an annual or special meeting of shareholders other than by or at the direction of the Board. Under the Bylaws, a shareholder may nominate a director candidate for election at an annual shareholders meeting by (i) complying with the Company s proxy access provision, described above in the section entitled Governance of the Company Shareholder Rights, and as set forth in the Bylaws, or (ii) delivering written notice to the Corporate Secretary not less than 90 days, nor more than 120 days, prior to the first anniversary date of the date of the immediately preceding annual shareholders meeting. For shareholder nominations to be considered at the 2026 annual meeting under method (ii) (including nominations for inclusion on a universal proxy card under Rule 14a-19 of the Exchange Act), notice must be received by the Corporate Secretary no earlier than May 6, 2026, and no later than June 5, 2026. In addition, the notice must set forth certain information concerning such shareholder and the nominee(s), including but not limited to the information required under Article III of the Bylaws, and if applicable, Rule 14a-19. The chair of the meeting may refuse to acknowledge the nomination of any person not made in compliance with the Bylaws. A copy of the Bylaws may be obtained by request addressed to Scott Faber, Corporate Secretary, Casey s General Stores, Inc., One SE Convenience Blvd., Ankeny, Iowa 50021. FY25 Meetings 4 NCG Committee Charter at www.caseys.com (Investor Relations link) Governance of the Company p. 17 Notice Proxy Statement 23 TABLE OF CONTENTS The Board s Role in Risk Oversight Risk assessment and risk management are primarily the responsibility of the CEO and the Company s management. The Board retains oversight responsibility over the Company s key strategic risks, information security risks, food safety risks, and regulatory compliance risks. The Board meets regularly with the Company s senior leadership to discuss strategy and risks facing the Company and regularly receives detailed presentations and other information from the senior leadership team and other key leaders and employees on business operations, financial results and strategic issues, including the identification, assessment and management of critical risks and management s risk mitigation strategies. In addition, the Company s extended leadership team holds strategic planning sessions to discuss strategies, key challenges and risks and opportunities for the Company. Board of Directors Director of Enterprise Risk Management (Internal/management) CISO and Sr. Director of Food Safety (Internal/management) CEO/Senior Leadership Team (Internal/management) Board Committees (Board of Directors) Additional Information Management : The Director of Enterprise Risk Management ( ERM Director ), who reports to the Chief Legal Officer, monitors ongoing enterprise risks and evaluates emerging risks to the Company. As part of their risk oversight responsibilities, the ERM Director regularly presents to the Company s senior leadership team, the Audit Committee and/or the Board. The Chair of the Audit Committee is invited to these ERM Director presentations, regardless of the audience. Areas of focus for risk include, but are not limited to, cybersecurity, food safety, economic, supply chain, operational, financial, personnel, legal, regulatory, compliance, health and safety, environmental, political, reputational, and other emerging risks. Cybersecurity : The Chief Information Security Officer ( CISO ), who reports to the Chief Information Officer, provides strategic leadership and direction for the Company s information security function and leads a cybersecurity team dedicated to safeguard IT and related operations across the Company and its operations. In addition to overseeing security operations, incident management and security engineering, the CISO and security team are also responsible for certain areas of Sarbanes-Oxley (SOX) and Payment Card Industry (PCI) compliance, and the CISO, along with the VP, Deputy General Counsel, leads the Company s cyber incident response governance team, a cross-functional group dedicated to rapid and coordinated recovery and response in the event of a material cyber incident. As part of their risk oversight responsibilities, the CISO regularly presents to the Company s senior leadership team, the Audit Committee and/or the Board. Food Safety : The Sr. Director of Food Safety ( DFS ), who reports to the Chief Legal Officer, leads a team responsible for enterprise food safety risks, including those related to food suppliers, our transportation, storage and handling of food and the safe preparation of prepared food items at our stores. In addition, they are involved with the development of related training for distribution and store Team Members and working with the Company s third-party food safety audits, which occur regularly at our stores. As part of their risk oversight responsibilities, the DFS regularly presents to the Company s senior leadership team, the Audit Committee and/or the Board. Board Committees : The Board committees also provide assistance to the Board in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities in certain areas of risk, each of which has the responsibility to provide oversight and to engage management and the Board with regard to the Company s principal operating and business risks. The Audit Committee assists the Board in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities with respect to financial reporting, internal controls, and financial risks, and in addition, takes a leading role in the oversight of cybersecurity and food safety risks. The Compensation Committee assists the Board in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities with respect to the management of risks arising from the Company s compensation policies and practices (including an annual risk assessment thereof), the annual incentive compensation program and clawback policies, CEO and executive officer succession planning risks and certain human resources matters. The NCG Committee assists the Board in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities with respect to the management of risks associated with Board and committee membership, structure and succession, and the monitoring of corporate governance issues, including oversight of sustainability matters, and the development of recommendations to address evolving best practices in those areas. All committees report to the full Board as to each committee s activities and matters discussed and reviewed at the committee meetings. In addition, all directors are encouraged to participate in external education courses to keep apprised of current issues, including evolving areas of risk. Shareholder Communications It is the general policy of the Board that management speaks for the Company. To the extent shareholders would like to communicate with a Company representative, they may do so by contacting Brian J. Johnson, Senior VP Investor Relations and Business Development, Casey s General Stores, Inc., One SE Convenience Blvd., Ankeny, Iowa 50021, (515) 446-6587. Any shareholder wishing to communicate with one or more Board members should address a written communication to Darren M. Rebelez, Board Chair, or Judy A. Schmeling, Lead Independent Director, at One SE Convenience Blvd., Ankeny, Iowa 50021. Mr. Rebelez or Ms. Schmeling, as applicable, will forward such communication to all members of the Board, to the extent such communications are deemed appropriate for consideration by the Board. Notice Proxy Statement 24 TABLE OF CONTENTS INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS The Company currently has six executive officers: Executive Officers Name and Current Office Held Recent Employment History Became Executive Officer Age Darren M. Rebelez President and CEO Mr. Rebelez served as President of IHOP Restaurants (a unit of Dine Brands Global, Inc.) from 2015-2019, where he developed and implemented digital strategies to connect guests via mobile platforms and online channels and grew the brand to become the largest full-service restaurant concept in the United States by unit count. He previously was employed by 7-Eleven as Executive VP and COO from 2007-2014. Mr. Rebelez is also a veteran of the United States Army. 2019 59 Stephen P. Bramlage, Jr. Chief Financial Officer Mr. Bramlage served as Executive VP and CFO at Aramark from 2015-2020, where he directed finance, M A, procurement, IT and risk management and safety. He previously was employed by Owens-Illinois, Inc. from 2006-2015, serving as Senior VP and CFO from 2012-2015. 2020 54 Ena Williams Chief Operating Officer Ms. Williams served as CEO at National HME, Inc. from 2019-2020, and Senior VP and Head of International and other senior management roles at 7-Eleven, Inc., from 2008-2018, where she directed global functions, including merchandising, marketing, logistics, human resources and financial analysis, in addition to global operations, licensing and expansion. 2020 56 Thomas P. Brennan Chief Merchandising Officer Mr. Brennan served as COO at CKE Restaurants Holdings, Inc. (the parent of Carl s Jr. and Hardee s) from 2017-2019, where he was responsible for the operations and support of over 3,000 restaurants across the United States, and a number of VP roles at 7-Eleven, Inc. from 2012-2017. Mr. Brennan is also a veteran of the United States Army. 2019 50 Chad M. Frazell Chief Human Resources Officer Mr. Frazell served as Senior VP-Human Resources at Tractor Supply Co. from 2014-2020, where he was responsible for all of the organization s Human Resources functions, including benefits, compensation, employee relations, HR compliance, HRIS, organization development and design, payroll, relocation, talent acquisition, and talent development. 2020 53 Katrina S. Lindsey Chief Legal Officer Ms. Lindsey served as SVP-Deputy General Counsel, Chief Compliance Officer and Assistant Corporate Secretary at Office Depot Inc. (a subsidiary of the ODP Corporation) from 2017-2021, where she directed North American legal operations, global ethics and compliance, government relations and information governance. She previously was employed by Darden Restaurants from 2011-2017, most recently serving as SVP-Division General Counsel. 2022 53 Notice Proxy Statement 25 TABLE OF CONTENTS PRINCIPAL SHAREHOLDERS The following table contains information with respect to each person, including any group, known to the Company to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of the Common Stock as of June 30, 2025 (based on 37,180,985 shares of Common Stock outstanding as of such date). Except as otherwise indicated, the persons listed in the table have the voting and investment powers with respect to the shares indicated. Name and Address of Beneficial Owner Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership Percent of Class The Vanguard Group 100 Vanguard Blvd. Malvern, PA 19355 3,829,519 (1) 10.3% BlackRock, Inc. 55 East 52nd Street New York, NY 10055 3,315,439 (2) 8.9% T. Rowe Price Investment Management, Inc. 100 E. Pratt Street Baltimore, MD 21202 1,829,820 (3) 4.9% (1) Based on Schedule 13G/A (Amendment No. 15) filed by The Vanguard Group 23-1945930 ( Vanguard ) with the SEC dated February 13, 2024. Such information indicates that Vanguard and certain subsidiaries of Vanguard have sole dispositive power over 3,780,900 shares, shared dispositive power over 48,619 shares, and shared voting power over 13,374 shares. (2) Based on Schedule 13G/A (Amendment No. 14) filed by BlackRock, Inc. ( BlackRock ) with the SEC dated January 25, 2024. Such information indicates that BlackRock and certain subsidiaries have sole voting power over 3,186,677 shares and sole dispositive power over 3,315,439 shares. (3) Based on Schedule 13G/A (Amendment No. 2) filed by T. Rowe Price Investment Management, Inc. ( T. Rowe Price ) with the SEC dated February 16, 2024. Such information indicates that T. Rowe Price has sole voting power over 747,400 shares and sole dispositive power over 1,829,820 shares. Notice Proxy Statement 26 TABLE OF CONTENTS BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP OF SHARES OF COMMON STOCK BY DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS The following table sets forth, as of July 1, 2025 (other than with respect to the 401K Plan shares, which are as of April 30, 2025, as discussed in Footnote 2 below), the beneficial ownership of shares of Common Stock, the only class of capital stock outstanding, by the current directors (including the Board s nominees for election to the Board of Directors), the executive officers named in the Summary Compensation Table, and all current directors, director-nominees, and executive officers as a group (based on 37,180,985 shares of Common Stock outstanding as of such date). Except as otherwise indicated, the shareholders listed in the table have sole voting and investment powers with respect to the shares indicated. Name of Beneficial Owner Direct Ownership Shares Subject to Vested Options and RSUs that Vest Within 60 Days (1) 401K Plan Shares (2) Total Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership (3) Percent of Class Sri Donthi 1,253 1,253 * Donald E. Frieson 3,612 3,612 * Cara K. Heiden (4) 9,101 9,101 * David K. Lenhardt 4,612 4,612 * Maria Casta n Moats 61 61 * Larree M. Renda 6,977 6,977 * Judy A. Schmeling 4,546 4,546 * Michael Spanos 3,356 3,356 * Gregory A. Trojan 1,817 1,817 * Allison M. Wing 4,058 4,058 * Darren M. Rebelez 89,840 499 90,339 * Stephen P. Bramlage, Jr. 26,754 369 27,123 * Ena Williams 18,059 381 18,440 * Thomas P. Brennan 8,512 364 8,876 * Chad M. Frazell 11,480 362 11,842 * All executive officers, directors and director-nominees as a group (16 persons) 198,277 2,143 200,420 * * Less than 1% (1) Each non-employee director holds 442 RSUs that will cliff-vest on September 3, 2025, subject to continued service as a director through the vesting date. (2) Consisting of shares allocated to the 401K Plan account of the respective individual as of April 30, 2025, over which the individual exercises voting power. Under the trust agreement creating the 401K Plan, the shares of Common Stock held by the Trustee are voted by the Trustee in accordance with the participants directions or, if no directions are received, in the same manner and proportion as the Trustee votes shares for which the Trustee does receive timely instructions. (3) Except as otherwise indicated, the amounts shown are the aggregate numbers of shares attributable to the individual s direct ownership of shares and 401K Plan shares. (4) Includes 4,000 shares owned jointly by Ms. Heiden and her spouse, under shared voting and dispositive power. Notice Proxy Statement 27 TABLE OF CONTENTS COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS The following Compensation Discussion and Analysis ( CD A ) provides a detailed overview of the Company s compensation philosophy, objectives and programs for its named executive officers ( NEOs ) for the 2025 fiscal year: 2025 Fiscal Year NEOs Darren M. Rebelez President and Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) Stephen P. Bramlage, Jr. Chief Financial Officer ( CFO ) Ena Williams Chief Operating Officer ( COO ) Thomas P. Brennan Chief Merchandising Officer ( CMO ) Chad M. Frazell Chief Human Resources Officer ( CHRO ) EXECUTIVE SUMMARY 2025 Fiscal Year Business and Financial Highlights Casey s 2025 fiscal year was its fifth record-breaking year in a row, delivering outstanding results to its shareholders on the second year of its three-year strategic plan, headlined by $1.2 billion in EBITDA and by building or acquiring 270 stores, including the acquisition of Fikes Wholesale and its 198 CEFCO convenience stores. The Company s relative total shareholder return ( TSR ) over the last three fiscal years, as compared to its peer group of the S P 500, was at the 94th percentile, with actual TSR of 120%. As described throughout the CD A, these results are reflected in the compensation earned by, and awarded to, the NEOs. Financial and operating highlights from the 2025 fiscal year that are linked to NEO compensation include (as compared to the 2024 fiscal year and its year-end, as applicable, unless otherwise noted): Net Income EBITDA* SSS Growth Inside 3-Year ROIC* 3-Year rTSR $546.5 million $501.9 million (FY24) $1.2 billion $1.06 billion (FY24) 2.6% 4.4% (FY24) 11.8% 11.5% (FY24) 94 th percentile (against peer group of S P 500) 8.8% increase 13.2% increase 13.6% over 3 years 30 bp increase Actual TSR of 120% *EBITDA and ROIC are non-GAAP financial measures. See Appendix A for reconciliations/calculations for the applicable periods. Highlighting the significant long-term value created by the Company during the three-year performance period covering the Company s Long-Term Incentive Program ending at fiscal 2025 year-end (discussed in detail below), the following are the exceptional results delivered to our shareholders (as compared to the 2022 fiscal year-end): Net Income EBITDA* Diluted EPS Stores Share Price $546.5 million $339.7 million (FY22) $1.2 billion $801.2 million (FY22) $14.64 $9.10 (FY22) 2,904 2,452 (FY22) $462.59 $201.30 (FY22) 60.9% increase 49.7% increase 60.9% increase 18.4% increase 129.8% increase Notice Proxy Statement 28 TABLE OF CONTENTS 2025 Fiscal Year Compensation Highlights and Alignment of Pay with Performance As discussed below, these outstanding performance results in general, and with respect to EBITDA (both for the AIP and LTIP), yielded above target payouts on the AIP (109% of target) and the LTIP for fiscal years 2023-25 (200%, and with the application of the relative TSR modifier, as discussed below, 250%). As demonstrated, both our AIP and LTIP are strongly aligned with meaningful operating and strategic metrics, including those outlined in the Company s long-term strategic plan, and place the majority of NEO compensation at-risk and dependent upon the Company s performance. In fact, Mr. Rebelez has 89% of his target compensation at-risk, with the other NEOs averaging 76%. We believe this structure and these payout results are highly motivational and strongly aligned with creating shareholder value, as our stock price increased over 30% during the 2025 fiscal year (which followed a nearly 40% increase during the 2024 fiscal year). Annual Incentive Compensation Program ( AIP ) Long-Term Incentive Compensation Program ( LTIP ) AIP Summary : At-risk performance-based pay, ranging from 0% to 200% of target, that delivers annual cash incentives when key financial/operating goals are met or exceeded. FY25 Changes : No material changes for the FY25 AIP. FY25 Metrics : 60% - EBITDA 40% - same store sales growth (inside sales) FY25 Payout : Due to the Company s strong performance during the 2025 fiscal year, including delivering record EBITDA of $1.2 billion, and an inside sales increase of 2.6%, the NEOs achieved an annual incentive payout equal to 109% of their respective AIP target (for reference, the FY24 AIP payout was 157% of target). LTIP Summary : At-risk equity-based awards (RSUs and PSUs), the latter of which deliver long-term incentives when key financial/operating goals are met or exceeded over a three-year performance period; range from 0% to 200% of target, with a 25% rTSR modifier based on top/bottom quartile of S P 500. FY25 Changes : No material changes for the FY25 LTIP. FY25 Metrics (FY25-FY27 performance period) : The LTIP value is delivered 75% as PSUs and 25% as RSUs. The metrics for the PSUs are split 50% on 3-year cumulative EBITDA and 50% on 3-year average ROIC performance. FY23-FY25 Payout : Due to the continued long-term success of the Company, the LTIP PSU awards granted during the 2023 fiscal year (i.e., June 2022) vested at 200% of target (i.e., max) for the EBITDA PSUs and 200% of target (i.e., max) for the relative ROIC PSUs, resulting in the value of earned PSUs being above target value but appropriately aligned with strong Company results. In addition, due to the Company s outstanding rTSR at the 94th percentile relative to the S P 500 over such period (with actual TSR of 120%), the rTSR PSU modifier was achieved, resulting in a 25% increase in PSUs actually awarded, for a total LTIP payout at 250% of target. The Compensation and Human Capital Committee (in the CD A, the Committee ), with the support of its independent compensation consultant, completes an annual analysis of the alignment between the realizable pay for our CEO and CFO and our TSR performance relative to the results of our peers. Realizable pay differs from target pay opportunities used to make pay decisions, and results required to be reported in the proxy s compensation tables, in that it focuses on the compensation actually earned, or which could be earned, by our executives. For the five-year period from fiscal years 2020 to 2024 (latest data available), this analysis indicated the CEO s realizable pay equaled the 67th percentile of our peer group (using the compensation peer group prior to the changes, detailed below), which was highly aligned with our TSR results versus the group over the same period (63rd percentile). Our say-on-pay vote at the 2024 annual shareholders meeting received 97.9% support, which the Committee views as evidence of shareholder support of our executive compensation decisions and policies. The Committee firmly believes the program was designed well and that the Company performed exceptionally well and delivered outstanding returns to shareholders, and the NEOs were rewarded accordingly. Notice Proxy Statement 29 TABLE OF CONTENTS EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION PHILOSOPHY AND BEST PRACTICES In designing the executive compensation program, the Committee s philosophy is straightforward attract, motivate and retain talented and diverse executives, emphasize pay-for-performance, and focus on long-term success and shareholder alignment: Executive Compensation Philosophy Motivates/Rewards Performance Aligns with Shareholders Attracts and Retains Top Talent Reinforces Risk Management Clear and Transparent Strengthens Governance Create rewards in the short-term and longer-term Ensure alignment of interests with shareholders Attract/retain diverse talent to achieve objectives Ensure programs are appropriately risk balanced Programs are understandable and simple Satisfy the spirit of the law and the letter of the law As noted, the Committee s philosophy supports good governance and discourages excessive risk-taking: What We Do What We Don t Do Pay for performance : A significant portion of NEO compensation is tied to financial performance and is at-risk . Reasonable balance between short-term and long-term incentives : A reasonable balance between cash and stock, fixed and variable compensation, short- and long-term compensation, and performance- and service-based awards, discourages short-term risk taking at the expense of long-term results. Share ownership requirements : Meaningful requirements are in place for executives based on multiples of base salary. Multiple performance metrics : Both the annual and long-term incentive programs use multiple performance metrics measuring results over different timeframes. This approach discourages excessive risk-taking by removing any incentive to focus on a single performance goal to the detriment of the Company. Clawback policy : Requires the Company to recoup certain compensation payments or equity awards in the event of a certain restatements of the Company s financials. Double-trigger protection : Change of control agreements provide benefits only in the event that the NEO is terminated without cause or resigns for good reason. Under the 2018 and proposed 2025 Stock Incentive Plan, all unvested awards provide for double-trigger protection. There are no equity awards with single-trigger provisions. Independent advisor : The Committee retains an independent consultant to advise on the compensation program and practices. No guaranteed incentive payments : We do not provide guaranteed incentive payments to our NEOs. Other than base salaries, none of our NEOs compensation is guaranteed. No uncapped incentive compensation opportunities : All incentive plans have maximum levels of payout, even if the Company exceeds our maximum performance objectives. No tax gross-ups : No tax gross-ups are paid to cover personal income taxes or excise taxes that pertain to executive or severance benefits, including perquisites. No excessive benefits or perquisites : The Company does not maintain enhanced health or retirement benefits for its executives and does not permit excessive perquisites. No hedging or pledging of Company stock : The Company prohibits the hedging of Company stock and other short-term or speculative transactions as well as the pledging of Company stock. No payment of dividends on unvested stock awards : Unvested stock awards earn dividend equivalents, which are paid in cash upon vesting only if, and to the extent that, the underlying awards vest. No practices that encourage excessive risk-taking : The Company provides balanced compensation, a significant portion of which is long-term, at-risk and subject to multiple performance metrics. Notice Proxy Statement 30 TABLE OF CONTENTS EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION PROCESS Roles in Determining Executive Compensation Committee and the Board The Committee oversees our executive compensation program and is charged with the following: Approves the structure and performance goals of the AIP and LTIP Approves base salary changes and target incentive opportunities for executive officers (and recommends to the Board for the CEO) Approves equity-based awards Evaluates CEO performance The Board is responsible for the following: Approves base salary increases and other compensation elements for the CEO Approves the Company s Operating Plan, prepared and recommended by management, which contains strategic business and financial objectives used to inform the incentive plan performance goals Independent Compensation Consultant CEO/Management For 2025 fiscal year compensation decisions and activities, the Committee engaged Pay Governance, LLC as its independent compensation consultant (as of March 2025, and for 2026 fiscal year compensation decisions, the Committee engaged Pearl Meyer Partners, LLC as its new compensation consultant). Each consultant attended all Committee meetings during their respective engagements and advised it on, among other things, the following: Incentive compensation practices, including the Company s incentive plan structure and performance metrics CEO competitive pay analysis and analysis of the alignment of the Company s realizable pay with its performance Review of compensation for non-employee directors, including the Lead Independent Director Proxy advisor updates and pay-performance test estimates Executive pay risk assessment ESG metrics in incentive designs Review of Compensation Peer Group Review of the FY24 proxy statement CD A Fair value calculations of the relative-TSR modifier/results Design of the proposed 2025 Stock Incentive Plan (as described in Proposal 4 ) The Committee assessed the independence of Pay Governance, LLC and Pearl Meyer Partners, LLC and did not identify any conflict of interest that would prevent it from independently advising the Committee. The CEO evaluates the performance of the executive officers (other than himself) and makes specific recommendations to the Committee with respect to the following: Base salary increases Changes to incentive plan structures, target percentages and goals under the incentive plans Pay packages, including salary and incentives, for executive officer candidates and new hires The CEO is assisted in these matters by the CHRO and his team, who also receive input and analysis from the independent compensation consultant (who provides market data, benchmarking and other compensation information and analyses). The CFO and his team are also integrally involved with setting the Company s Operating Plan, which informs the incentive plan performance goals. The CEO is not involved with recommendations as to his own compensation, which is determined by the Committee and the Board Notice Proxy Statement 31 TABLE OF CONTENT