=== HON_2026-02-17.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A. Risk Factors 50 ITEM 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 50 ITEM 1C. Cybersecurity 51 ITEM 2 Properties 51 ITEM 3 Legal Proceedings 51 ITEM 4 Mine Safety Disclosures PART II. 52 ITEM 5 Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities ITEM 6 [Reserved] 15 - 29 , 40 - 48 ITEM 7 Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 40 ITEM 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risks 54 ITEM 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 123 ITEM 9 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 123 ITEM 9A. Controls and Procedures 124 ITEM 9B. Other Information 125 ITEM 9C . Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections Part III. 125 ITEM 10 Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 125 ITEM 11 Executive Compensation 126 ITEM 12 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 127 ITEM 13 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 127 ITEM 14 Principal Accounting Fees and Services Part IV. 127 ITEM 15 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 127 ITEM 16 Form 10-K Summary 132 Signatures 134 Honeywell International Inc. 

=== HON_2026-04-23.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Other than as noted below, there have been no material changes to our Risk Factors presented in our 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K under the section titled Risk Factors. For further discussion of our Risk Factors, refer to the section titled Risk Factors in our 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K. Raw material price fluctuations, inflation, the ability of key suppliers to meet quality and delivery requirements, or catastrophic events can increase the cost of our products and services, impact our ability to meet commitments to customers, and cause us to incur significant liabilities. The cost of raw materials is a key element in the cost of our products, particularly in Energy and Sustainability Solutions (copper, tungsten salts, aluminum, and molybdenum) and in Aerospace Technologies (nickel, steel, titanium, and other metals). As of December 31, 2025, the majority of the raw materials supply base of Aerospace Technologies and Energy and Sustainability Solutions were under contract. While we have implemented mitigation strategies to reduce the impact of supply chain disruptions, any inability to source necessary materials when and as needed, offset material price or labor inflation through increased prices to customers, formula-driven or long-term fixed price contracts with suppliers, productivity actions, or commodity hedges could adversely affect our results of operations. Many major components, product equipment items, and raw materials, particularly in Aerospace Technologies, are procured or subcontracted on a single or sole-source basis. Although we maintain a qualification and performance surveillance process and we believe that sources of supply for raw materials and components are generally adequate, it is difficult to predict what effects shortages or price increases, in addition to other supply chain disruptions, may have in the future. Our ability to manage inventory and meet delivery requirements may be constrained by our suppliers’ inability to scale production and adjust delivery of long-lead time products during times of volatile demand. In addition, current or future global economic uncertainty, including inflation and high interest rates, supply chain and labor disruptions, tariffs and other trade barriers and restrictions, unemployment rates, banking instability, any U.S. government shutdown, any downgrades in the U.S. government's sovereign credit rating, public health crises, volatile financial markets, geopolitical instability and regional conflicts, including ongoing conflicts in the Middle East, and potential recession may affect the financial stability of our key suppliers or their access to financing, which may in turn affect their ability to perform their obligations to us. If one or more of our suppliers experiences financial difficulties, delivery delays, or other performance problems, our resulting inability to fill our supply needs would jeopardize our ability to fulfill obligations under commercial and government contracts, which could, in turn, result in reduced sales and profits, contract penalties or terminations, and damage to customer relationships. In certain of our businesses, our contracts are typically awarded on a competitive basis. Our bids are based upon, among other factors, the cost to timely provide the products and services. To generate an acceptable return, we must accurately estimate our input costs and delivery schedules. If we fail to do so, the profitability of contracts may be adversely affected – including because some of our contracts provide for liquidated damages if we do not perform on time – which could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. In an effort to reduce the impact of current and future supply chain disruptions, we have implemented short-term and long-term strategies to reduce the impact of such disruptions, including supply chain simplification, continued alignment to local supply sources, digital solutions for identifying and managing shortages, pricing actions and dual source strategies, longer-term planning for constrained materials, supply tracking tools, direct engagement with key suppliers to meet customer demand, new supplier development, and development of new or redesigned products that satisfy our product quality controls and engineering qualifications and/or any applicable regulatory requirements. We cannot provide any assurance that our mitigation strategies will continue to be successful, or that we will be able to alter our strategies or develop new strategies if and as needed. 53 Honeywell International Inc. TABLE OF CONTENTS ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS On April 24, 2023, Honeywell's Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to $10 billion of Honeywell common stock, including approximately $2.1 billion of remaining availability under the previously announced $10 billion share repurchase authorization. The repurchase authorization does not have an expiration date and may be amended or terminated by Honeywell's Board of Directors at any time without prior notice. Repurchases may be made through a variety of methods, which could include open market purchases, accelerated share repurchase transactions, negotiated block transactions, 10b5-1 plans, other transactions that may be structured through investment banking institutions or privately negotiated, or a combination of the foregoing. Honeywell presently expects to repurchase outstanding shares from time to time (i) to offset the dilutive impact of employee stock-based compensation plans, including option exercises, restricted unit vesting, and matching contributions under our savings plans, and (ii) to reduce share count via share repurchases as and when attractive opportunities arise. The amount and timing of future repurchases may vary depending on market conditions and the level of operating, financing, and other investing activities. During the three months ended March 31, 2026, Honeywell repurchased 4.4 million shares of its common stock, par value $1 per share. As of March 31, 2026, $679 million remained available under the share repurchase authorization for additional share repurchases. The following table summarizes o ur purchases of Honeywell's common stock for the three months ended March 31, 2026: Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share 1 Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under Plans or Programs (Dollars in millions) 1 January 1, 2026 - January 24, 2026 1,215,077 216.01 1,215,077 $1,416 January 25, 2026 - February 21, 2026 2,591,065 231.54 2,591,065 $816 February 22, 2026 - March 28, 2026 565,962 242.94 565,962 $679 1 Excludes excise tax on net share repurchases. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES One of our wholly-owned subsidiaries has a placer claim for and operates a chabazite ore surface mine in Arizona. Information concerning mine safety and other regulatory matters associated with this mine is required by Section 1503(a) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and Item 104 of Regulation S-K and is included in Exhibit 95 to this quarterly report. ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION EQUITY TRADING ARRANGEMENTS ELECTIONS Certain executive officers and directors of the Company may execute purchases and sales of the Company's common stock through Rule 10b5-1 and non-Rule 10b5-1 equity trading arrangements. During the three months ended March 31, 2026, none of our executive officers or directors adopted, terminated or modified a "Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement," or adopted, terminated, or modified any "non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement" (each as defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K). 54 Honeywell International Inc. TABLE OF CONTENTS ITEM 6. EXHIBITS Exhibit No. Description 