=== PYPL_2026-02-03.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors of this Form 10-K, as well as in our consolidated financial statements, related notes, and the other information appearing in this report and our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). We do not intend, and undertake no obligation except as required by law, to update any of our forward-looking statements after the date of this report to reflect actual results, new information, or future events or circumstances. Given these risks and uncertainties, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. You should read the information in this report in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and the related notes that appear in this report. ITEM 1. BUSINESS OVERVIEW At PayPal Holdings, Inc., our mission is to revolutionize commerce globally. Our products are designed to enable digital payments and simplify commerce experiences for consumers and merchants to make selling, shopping, and sending and receiving money simple, personalized, and secure, whether online or in-person. We operate a global, two-sided network at scale that connects consumers and merchants with 439 million active accounts across approximately 200 markets as of December 31, 2025. Consumers: We provide consumers with digital wallets and other solutions that allow them to shop and pay with PayPal and Venmo both online and in-person manage their finances (including saving and buying and selling cryptocurrencies), and send and receive money between friends and family. When shopping, we offer consumers flexibility in how they pay, which may include a bank account, a PayPal or Venmo account balance, PayPal-branded consumer credit and debit products, other credit and debit cards, certain cryptocurrencies, or other stored value products such as gift cards, and eligible rewards. Merchants: We help merchants connect with customers, increase conversion rates and sales, and grow their businesses in the markets where our services are available. We provide large enterprises and small and medium businesses with online branded checkout solutions, including PayPal and Venmo; online unbranded payments processing; PayPal buy now, pay later ( BNPL ) solutions; in-person point of sale solutions; business financing; payouts capabilities; and risk tools. We earn revenues primarily by charging fees for completing payment transactions for our customers and other payment-related services, which are typically based on the volume of activity processed on our payments platform. We also generate revenue from customers for currency conversion, for instant transfers from their PayPal or Venmo account to their bank account or debit card, and to facilitate the purchase and sale of cryptocurrencies; however, we generally do not charge customers to fund or draw from their accounts. We also earn revenue by providing other value-added services, which primarily comprise revenue earned through partnerships, interest and fees from our consumer and merchant credit products, interest earned on certain assets underlying customer balances, referral fees, subscription fees, and gateway services. Unless otherwise expressly stated or the context otherwise requires, references to we, our, us, the Company, or PayPal refer to PayPal Holdings, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. FY 2025 FORM 10-K 4 Table of Contents KEY PERFORMANCE METRICS In 2025, we processed $1.79 trillion of total payment volume ( TPV ), an increase of 7% compared to 2024, and 25.4 billion payment transactions, a decrease of 4% compared to 2024. As of December 31, 2025, we had 439 million active accounts, an increase of 1% compared to December 31, 2024. We measure the scale of our platform and the relevance of our products and services to our customers through certain metrics, including TPV, payment transactions, and active accounts: TPV is the value of payments, net of payment reversals, successfully completed on our payments platform or enabled by PayPal via a partner payment solution, not including gateway-exclusive transactions. Number of payment transactions is the total number of payments, net of payment reversals, successfully completed on our payments platform or enabled by PayPal via a partner payment solution, not including gateway-exclusive transactions. An active account is an account registered directly with PayPal or a platform access partner that has completed a transaction on our platform, not including gateway-exclusive transactions, within the past 12 months. A platform access partner is a third party whose customers are provided access to PayPal s platform or services through such third-party s login credentials, including individuals and entities that utilize Hyperwallet s payout capabilities. A user may register on our platform to access different products and may register more than one account to access a product. Accordingly, a user may have more than one active account. The number of active accounts provides management with additional perspective on the overall scale of our platform, but may not have a direct relationship to our operating results. OUR STRENGTHS Our business is built on a strong foundation designed to drive profitable growth and differentiate us from our competitors. We believe that our competitive strengths include the following: Two-sided platform we facilitate online and offline transactions for millions of consumers and merchants. Our relationship on both sides of a transaction enables us to utilize data to innovate and offer unique product experiences designed to remove friction, drive sales, and enhance shopping experiences. Trusted brands we have built well-recognized and trusted brands, including PayPal and Venmo. Our communications and marketing efforts across multiple geographies and demographic groups play an important role in building brand visibility, usage, and overall preference among customers. Platform agnostic we are technology and platform agnostic. This approach allows our merchants to offer and use a variety of our branded and unbranded payment processing solutions and business financing products, alongside other tools. We give consumers flexibility to make and receive payments using a wide variety of funding options and digital wallet solutions, including their bank account, PayPal and Venmo account balance, BNPL, certain cryptocurrencies, and debit and credit card options. Scale our global scale helps us to drive organic growth. As of December 31, 2025, we had 439 million active accounts across approximately 200 markets 1 around the world. Customer-back innovation we are orienting and transforming our culture towards innovating in ways that benefit our customers and drive profitable growth. We have released numerous products, services, and improvements to our platform in 2025. Risk and compliance management our enterprise risk and compliance management program is designed to help keep customer information secure and to help ensure we process legitimate transactions around the world, while identifying and minimizing illegal, high-risk, or fraudulent transactions. Regulatory licenses we believe that our regulatory licenses, which enable us to operate in markets around the world, are a distinct advantage and help support business growth. 1 A market is a geographic area or political jurisdiction, such as a country, territory, or protectorate, in which we offer some or all of our products and services. A country, territory, or protectorate is identified by a distinct set of laws and regulations. FY 2025 FORM 10-K 5 Table of Contents CONSUMER AND MERCHANT PAYMENT SOLUTIONS Consumer solutions We help consumers transact securely with merchants, manage their finances, and send to and receive money from friends and family around the globe. Our goal is to create the simplest checkout experience possible for consumers online or in-person including mobile. We drive increased consumer engagement by providing them with a wide range of services to manage their finances and enhance their ability to shop online and offline. Our PayPal and Venmo branded checkout experiences allow consumers to complete purchases in just a few steps without having to enter payment and address information. We also focus on simplifying and personalizing shopping experiences for our consumers by offering tools for product discovery, price tracking, saving through deals and offers, convenient package tracking, and earning and redeeming of shopping rewards. The PayPal- and Venmo-branded debit and credit cards, as well as our contactless mobile wallet using near-field communication ( NFC ) capabilities, give consumers the ability to transact in-person through our platform and earn incentives, including cash-back rewards. We also offer consumers person-to-person ( P2P ) payment solutions for domestic and international transfers through our PayPal, Venmo, and Xoom products and services. Our Venmo digital wallet in the United States ( U.S. ) is a leading mobile application used to move money between friends and family. Our Xoom international money transfer service enables our customers to send money to bank accounts, mobile wallets, and cash pick-up destinations around the world in a secure, fast, and cost-effective way. P2P is an important source of customer engagement and also serves as a customer acquisition channel that facilitates organic growth by enabling potential users to establish active accounts with PayPal or Venmo at the time they make or receive a P2P payment. We offer credit products to eligible consumers in certain markets as a funding source at checkout. Our consumer credit offerings include our BNPL products in the U.S., Germany, France, United Kingdom ( U.K. ), and Australia, among other markets, and in Japan through our Paidy brand. A key attribute of our short-term BNPL products is the absence of interest or consumer late fees for missed payments in most of the geographies where we offer them. Further, we offer interest-bearing installment products for consumers in the U.S. (issued by an independent chartered financial institution) and in Germany, among other markets. In the U.S., consumers may apply for the PayPal- and Venmo-branded consumer credit cards, including the PayPal Credit revolving consumer credit product, which are issued through a partnership with an independent chartered financial institution. We offer a PayPal-issued PayPal Credit product in the U.K. We believe that our consumer credit products help us to increase engagement with consumers and merchants on our two-sided network. We generate revenue from consumers from: foreign currency conversions, instant transfers from their PayPal or Venmo account to their bank account or debit card, and facilitating the purchase and sale of cryptocurrencies; interest, fees, or other revenue from our credit products; and other miscellaneous fees. We also earn revenue from interest earned on certain assets underlying customer balances. Merchant solutions Merchants use our solutions to increase conversion rates and grow and manage their business. We employ a technology and platform agnostic approach intended to enable merchants of all sizes to utilize our various products. Our diversified suite of products and services is tailored to meet the needs of merchants regardless of their size or business complexity. We offer a seamless omnichannel solution that helps merchants manage and grow their business. Our PayPal and Venmo branded checkout experiences allow customers to complete purchases in just a few steps without having to enter payment and address information. These seamless experiences reduce cart abandonment and drive higher conversion rates for merchants. Our BNPL solutions are embedded into our branded checkout experiences, which can help increase consumer spend and enable merchants to grow sales. Our unbranded payments processing solutions allow merchants to quickly and easily provide digital checkout online with a variety of popular ways to pay, including debit and credit cards, digital wallets, BNPL, certain cryptocurrencies, and local payment methods. We offer a suite of value added services, including payouts, payments orchestration, and fraud prevention and risk management solutions that help reduce merchant losses through our proprietary protection programs. We also offer omnichannel solutions that allow merchants to make sales in person using our PayPal Point of Sale app, card reader, or point of sale systems. FY 2025 FORM 10-K 6 Table of Contents In certain markets, we offer access to merchant financing products for eligible small and medium-sized businesses through our PayPal Working Capital ( PPWC ) and PayPal Business Loan ( PPBL ) products, which we collectively refer to as our merchant financing solutions. Our PPWC product allows businesses to access a loan or cash advance (depending on a merchant s home country) for a fixed fee, based on their annual payment volume processed by PayPal. Our PPBL product provides businesses with access to short-term financing for a fixed fee based on an evaluation of the applying business as well as the business owner. In the U.S., these products are provided under a program agreement with an independent chartered financial institution. We believe that our merchant financing solutions enable us to deepen our engagement with our existing small and medium-sized merchants and expand services to new merchants by providing access to capital that may not be available from traditional banks or other lenders. We generate revenues from merchants primarily by charging fees for completing their payment transactions and other payment-related services. We also earn revenues from fees earned on our merchant loans and advances and interest earned on certain assets underlying customer balances. PROTECTING CONSUMERS AND MERCHANTS Protecting consumers and merchants on our payments platform from financial and fraud loss is important to successfully compete and sustainably grow our business. Fraudulent activities, such as account takeovers, identity theft (including stolen financial information), and malicious activities by counterparties, represent a significant risk to consumers and merchants, as well as their payment partners. In addition to the protections afforded by applicable law, we provide consumers and merchants with protection programs for certain purchase transactions completed on our payments platform. Our protection programs help protect both consumers and merchants from financial loss resulting from, among other things, counterparty non-performance. These programs are designed to promote confidence on the part of both consumers, who will be reimbursed in certain circumstances, such as not receiving their purchased eligible item in the condition significantly as described, as well as merchants, who will receive payment in certain circumstances, such as establishing proof of shipment or delivery of an eligible item to the customer. We believe that these programs are generally consistent with or broader than protections provided by other participants in the payments industry. Our ability to help protect both consumers and merchants is based largely on our proprietary, end-to-end payments platform and our ability to utilize the data from both sides of transactions on our two-sided network, specifically from buyers and sellers and from senders and receivers of payments. Our ongoing investment in systems and processes is designed to enhance the safety and security of our products and reflects our goal of having PayPal recognized as one of the world s most trusted payments brands. COMPETITION The global payments industry is highly competitive, dynamic, innovative, and subject to regulatory scrutiny and oversight. Many of the areas in which we compete evolve rapidly with innovative and disruptive technologies, shifting preferences, needs, and price sensitivity of consumers and merchants, and frequent introductions of new products and services. Competition also may intensify as new competitors emerge, businesses combine or enter into new partnerships, and established companies in other segments expand to become competitive with various aspects of our business. Our business faces competition from a wide range of businesses and from all forms of physical and electronic payments. We face competition from banks and financial institutions, which provide traditional payment methods (particularly credit cards and debit cards (collectively, payment cards ), electronic bank transfers, credit, and installment methods), payment networks that facilitate payments for payment cards or proprietary retail networks, payment card processors, and card on file services. We also face competition from providers offering a variety of payment products and services ranging from broader platform solutions to point solutions focused on a specific functionality or feature, including tokenized and contactless payment cards, digital wallets and mobile payments solutions, credit, installment or other buy now, pay later methods, real-time payment systems, P2P payments and money remittance services, card readers and other devices or technologies for payment at point of sale (such as contactless cards, tokenized cards, NFC based solutions, and Quick Response ( QR ) code based solutions), value added services related to payments (such as payouts, adaptive payment optimization, foreign exchange and risk solutions), virtual currencies (such as cryptocurrencies and stablecoins) and distributed ledger technologies, and tools that simplify and personalize shopping experiences for consumers and merchants. Our products and services also face competition from paper-based payments (primarily cash and checks). FY 2025 FORM 10-K 7 Table of Contents We differentiate ourselves to consumers through our broad acceptance and the ability to use our products and services across multiple commerce channels, including e-commerce, mobile, and offline payments, and without sharing their financial information with the merchant or any other party they are paying; our customer service, dispute resolution, and purchase protection programs; and our ability to simplify and personalize shopping experiences. In addition, we differentiate ourselves to merchants through our ability to innovate and develop products and services that offer new payment experiences or functionality for our merchants, demonstrate that they may achieve incremental sales by using and offering our services to consumers, and support transactions on our payments platform across varied technologies and payment methods; through the simplicity and transparency of our fee structure; and through our seller protection programs, analytics, and risk management, as well as other merchant services. We invest resources to improve our products and services and expand their acceptance, offer choice in payment options, provide excellent customer service, and build brands that both consumers and merchants trust. In addition to the discussion in this section, see Item 1A. Risk Factors under the caption We face substantial and increasingly intense competition worldwide in the global payments industry for further discussion of the potential impact of competition on our business. STRATEGY Our ability to grow revenue is affected by, among other things, the macroeconomic environment and its impact on commerce and economic growth, consumer spending patterns, adoption of digital payment methods, the growth of multiple commerce channels, the growth of mobile devices and commerce and payment applications on those devices, the growth of consumers and merchants globally with internet and mobile access, the pace of transition from cash and checks to digital forms of payment, our share of digital payments, and our ability to innovate and introduce new products, services, and features that consumers and merchants value. Our strategy to drive growth in our business includes the following: Accelerating growth in our branded checkout business : by improving our user experience, including by reducing friction and enhancing rewards, we will drive consumer selection and increase conversion rates for merchants. This strategy will increase our customers engagement with our products and services. A critical element of our overall growth strategy involves driving an increase in monthly active accounts, which we expect will contribute to growth in payment transactions, TPV, and net revenues. Expanding our value proposition for consumers and merchants to drive daily use : by providing consumers with simple, secure, and flexible ways to shop and move money across different markets, merchants, and platforms, including offering BNPL options, purchase protection programs, and simplifying their shopping experiences; by being technology and platform agnostic; and by expanding and launching capabilities that allow consumers to shop in and pay wherever they want to make a purchase online, in-person and through artificial intelligence ( AI ) agents; by partnering with our merchants to grow and expand their business online and offline, including offering merchants risk management and seller protection programs; and by delivering payment-adjacent capabilities. Unlocking the power of data : by responsibly utilizing data in our two-sided platform to personalize consumer offerings, we will create more value for our customers, improve the interconnectedness of our platform, and tap into new sources of revenue and profitable growth. Increasing omnichannel engagement : through the PayPal-branded debit and credit cards, rewards programs, and seamless integration into digital wallets that support in-person payments, we are giving consumers more reasons to use PayPal and Venmo for in-person as well as online (including agentic) purchases. Providing consumers more opportunities to use PayPal for omnichannel purchases will help us to drive engagement. Building and expanding strategic partnerships : by building new strategic partnerships and deepening existing ones to provide better experiences for our customers, offer greater choice and flexibility, acquire new customers, and reinforce our role in the payments and commerce ecosystem. One PayPal platform: by investing in state-of-the-art technology, architecture, and processes to deliver high-quality products and services to our customers more efficiently and effectively. Seeking new areas of growth : innovate the future of commerce by focusing on creating new products and services in both the digital and physical worlds, including crypto and digital currencies (such as the PayPal USD stablecoin), agentic commerce, advertising-related services, and cross-wallet interoperability through PayPal World, and finding opportunities to expand and improve upon our existing products and capabilities. FY 2025 FORM 10-K 8 Table of Contents TECHNOLOGY Our payments platform utilizes a combination of proprietary and third-party technologies and services intended to facilitate transactions efficiently and securely between millions of consumers and merchants worldwide across different channels, markets, and networks. Our payments platform connects with financial services providers around the world and allows consumers to make purchases using a wide range of payment methods, regardless of where a merchant is located. Consumers who use our payments platform can send payments in approximately 200 markets around the world and in approximately 140 currencies, withdraw funds to their bank accounts in 57 currencies, and hold balances in their eligible PayPal accounts in 24 currencies. We have developed intuitive user interfaces, customer tools, transaction management databases, and payment network integrations on our platform designed to enable our customers to utilize our suite of products and services. Our payments platform, open application programming interfaces, and developer tools are designed to enable developers to innovate efficiently and offer robust solutions to our consumers and merchants globally, while at the same time helping to maintain the security of our customers information. The technology infrastructure supporting our payments platform is designed to simplify the storage and processing of large amounts of data and facilitate the deployment and operation of large-scale global products and services whether hosted by third-party cloud service providers or our own data centers. Our technology infrastructure is designed around industry best practices intended to reduce downtime and help ensure the resiliency of our payments platform in the event of outages or catastrophic occurrences. Our payments platform incorporates multiple layers of protection for business continuity and system redundancy purposes and to help mitigate cybersecurity risks. We have a comprehensive cybersecurity program designed to protect our technology infrastructure and payments platform against cybersecurity threats, which includes regularly testing our systems to identify and address potential vulnerabilities. We continue to make multi-year investments in our technology infrastructure, including those associated with cloud-related initiatives, intended to support the scalability, resiliency, and efficiency of our payments platform. In addition, we are investing in initiatives intended to modernize our infrastructure and support future enhancements to our products and services. We strive to continually improve our technology infrastructure and payments platform to enhance the customer experience and to increase efficiency, scalability, and security. For additional information regarding risks relating to our technology infrastructure and cybersecurity, see the information in Item 1A. Risk Factors under the captions Cyberattacks and security vulnerabilities could result in serious harm to our reputation, business, and financial condition and Business interruptions or systems failures may impair the availability of our websites, applications, products or services, or otherwise harm our business . RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT Our total research and development expense was $1.5 billion in both 2025 and 2024 and $1.6 billion in 2023. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY The protection of our intellectual property, including our trademarks, copyrights, domain names, trade dress, patents, and trade secrets, is important to the success of our business. We seek to protect our intellectual property rights by relying on applicable laws, regulations, and administrative procedures in the U.S. and internationally. We have registered our core brands as domain names and as trademarks in the U.S. and many international jurisdictions. We also have an active program to secure and enforce trademarks and domain names that correspond to our brands in markets of interest. We have filed and continue to file patent applications in the U.S. and in international jurisdictions covering certain aspects of our proprietary technology and new innovations. We also rely on contractual restrictions to protect our proprietary rights when offering or procuring products and services. We routinely enter into confidentiality and invention assignment agreements with our employees and contractors, and non-disclosure agreements with parties with whom we conduct business to control access to, and use and disclosure of, our proprietary information. For additional information regarding risks relating to our intellectual property, see the information in Item 1A. Risk Factors under the captions Third parties may allege that we are infringing their patents and other intellectual property rights and We may be unable to protect or enforce our intellectual property . FY 2025 FORM 10-K 9 Table of Contents GOVERNMENT REGULATION We operate globally and in a rapidly evolving regulatory environment characterized by a heightened focus by regulators globally on all aspects of the payments industry, including anti-money laundering, countering terrorist financing, privacy, cybersecurity, and consumer protection. The laws and regulations applicable to us, including those enacted prior to the advent of digital payments, continue to evolve through legislative and regulatory action and judicial interpretation. New or changing laws and regulations, including changes to their interpretation and implementation, as well as increased penalties and enforcement actions related to non-compliance, could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. We monitor these areas closely and are focused on designing compliant solutions for our customers. Government regulation impacts key aspects of our business. We are subject to the laws and regulations applicable to the payments industry in the markets we operate, which are subject to interpretation and change. Payments regulation. Various laws and regulations govern the payments industry in the U.S. and internationally. In the U.S., PayPal, Inc. (a wholly-owned subsidiary) holds licenses to operate as a money transmitter (or its equivalent) in the states where such licenses are required, as well as in the District of Columbia and certain territories. These licenses include not only our PayPal-branded products and services, but also our Venmo, Hyperwallet, Xoom, and PayPal Open products and services, to the extent offered in these locations. As a licensed money transmitter, PayPal is subject to, among other requirements, restrictions on the investment of customer funds, reporting requirements, bonding requirements, and inspection by state regulatory agencies. In certain cases, these licenses also generally cover PayPal s service enabling customers to buy, hold, transfer, and sell cryptocurrency directly from their PayPal or Venmo account. PayPal holds a full Bitlicense issued by the State of New York Department 