=== INCY_2026-02-10.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors RISKS RELATING TO COMMERCIALIZATION OF OUR PRODUCTS We depend heavily on our lead product, JAKAFI (ruxolitinib), which is marketed as JAKAVI outside the United States. If we are unable to maintain revenues from JAKAFI or those revenues decrease, our business may be materially harmed. JAKAFI is the first product marketed by us to be approved for sale in the United States. While we also sell our and our licensors’ other approved products ICLUSIG, PEMAZYRE, MONJUVI/MINJUVI, OPZELURA, ZYNYZ and NIKTIMVO and our exclusive licensees sell OLUMIANT and TABRECTA, we anticipate that JAKAFI product sales will continue to contribute a significant percentage of our total revenues over the next several years. However, we expect that JAKAFI product sales will begin to decline upon the expiration of our patent exclusivity in 2028. 28 Table of Contents The continued commercial success of JAKAFI and our ability to maintain and continue to increase revenues from the sale of JAKAFI will depend on a number of factors, including: • the number of patients diagnosed with intermediate or high-risk myelofibrosis, uncontrolled polycythemia vera or steroid-refractory graft-versus-host disease and the number of such patients that may be treated with JAKAFI; • the acceptance of JAKAFI by patients and the healthcare community; • whether physicians, patients and healthcare payors view JAKAFI as therapeutically effective and safe relative to cost and any alternative therapies, as well as whether patients will continue to use JAKAFI; • the ability to obtain and maintain sufficient coverage or reimbursement by third-party payors and pricing; • the ability of our third-party manufacturers to manufacture JAKAFI in sufficient quantities that meet all applicable quality standards; • the ability of our company and our third-party providers to provide marketing and distribution support for JAKAFI; • the label and promotional claims allowed by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA); • the maintenance of regulatory approval for the approved indications in the United States; • our ability to develop, obtain regulatory approval for and commercialize JAKAFI in the United States for additional indications or in combination with other therapeutic modalities; and • the effects of a public health pandemic or epidemic such as the COVID-19 pandemic or of adverse geopolitical events, regulatory, legislative or administrative developments. If we are not able to maintain revenues from JAKAFI in the United States, or our revenues from JAKAFI decrease, our business may be materially harmed and we may need to delay other drug discovery, development and commercialization initiatives or even significantly curtail operations, and our ability to license or acquire new products to diversify our revenue base could be limited. In addition, revenues from our other products and our receipt of royalties under our collaboration agreements, including our agreements with Novartis Pharmaceutical International Ltd. for sales of JAKAVI outside the United States and TABRECTA globally and with Eli Lilly and Company for worldwide sales of OLUMIANT, will depend on factors similar to those listed above, with similar regulatory, pricing and reimbursement issues driven by applicable regulatory authorities and governmental and third-party payors affecting jurisdictions outside the United States. If we are unable to obtain, or maintain at anticipated levels, coverage and reimbursement for our products from government health administration authorities, private health insurers and other organizations, our pricing may be affected and our product sales, results of operations and financial condition could be harmed. Our ability to commercialize our current and any future approved products successfully will depend in part on the prices we are able to charge for these products and the extent to which adequate coverage and reimbursement levels for the cost of our products and related treatment are obtained from third-party payors, such as private insurers, government insurance programs, including Medicare and Medicaid, health maintenance organizations and other healthcare related organizations in the United States and abroad. We may not be able to sell our products on a profitable basis or our profitability may be reduced if we are required to sell our products at lower than anticipated prices or reimbursement is unavailable or limited in scope or amount. The costs of the drug products marketed by us are not insignificant and almost all patients will require some form of third-party coverage to afford their cost. Our future revenues and profitability will be adversely affected if we cannot depend on government and other third-party payors to defray the cost of our products to the patient. 29 Table of Contents Governments and other third-party payors continue to pursue initiatives to manage drug costs. Pricing and reimbursement for our products may be adversely affected by a number of factors, including; • actions of federal, state and foreign governments and other third-party payors to implement or modify laws, regulations or policies addressing payment and reimbursement for drugs; • pressure by employers on private health insurance plans to reduce costs or moderate cost increases, as well as continued public scrutiny of the price of drugs and other healthcare costs; • consolidation of third-party payors and continued initiatives of government and other third-party payors to reduce costs by seeking price discounts or rebates, reducing reimbursement rates or imposing restrictions on access to or coverage of particular drugs based on perceived value; • pressure on healthcare budgets resulting from macroeconomic factors such as inflation, rising interest rates and the economic effects of geopolitical conflicts; and • the increasing number of hospitals and other covered entities that are eligible to participate in the U.S. 340B drug pricing program, which requires drug manufacturers such as our company to sell drugs to those entities at discounted prices in order for those drugs to be covered by Medicaid. In many markets outside of the United States, including countries of the European Union (EU), drug pricing and reimbursement are subject to government control, and government authorities are making greater efforts to limit or regulate the price of drug products. Reimbursement systems in international markets vary significantly by country and by region, and reimbursement approvals must be obtained on a country-by-country basis. Reimbursement in the EU must be negotiated on a country-by-country basis and in many countries a drug product cannot be commercially launched until reimbursement is approved. The timing to complete the negotiation process in each country is highly uncertain, and in some countries, we expect that it may exceed 12 months. Some countries set prices by reference to prices in other countries, and countries may refuse to reimburse or may restrict the reimbursed population for a drug product based on their national health technology assessments and cost effectiveness thresholds. In addition, governmental authorities in many countries may reduce prices for approved drug products from previously established prices. Third-party payors are increasingly challenging the prices charged for medical products and services, and payors and employers are adopting benefit plan changes that shift a greater portion of prescription drug costs to patients. Third party pharmacy benefit managers (PBMs) , other similar organizations and payors can limit coverage to specific products on an approved list, or formulary, which might not include all of the approved products for a particular indication, and to exclude drugs from their formularies in favor of competitor drugs or alternative treatments, or place drugs on formulary tiers with higher patient co-pay obligations, and/or to mandate stricter utilization criteria. Formulary exclusion effectively encourages patients and providers to seek alternative treatments, make a complex and time-intensive request for medical exemptions, or pay 100% of the cost of a drug. In addition, in many instances, certain PBMs, other similar organizations and third party payors may exert negotiating leverage by requiring incremental rebates, discounts or other concessions from manufacturers in order to maintain formulary positions, which could continue to result in higher gross to net deductions for affected products. There has been significant consolidation in the health insurance industry, resulting in large insurers and PBMs exerting greater pressure and leverage in pricing and usage negotiations with drug manufacturers. P ayors could decide to exclude our products from formulary coverage lists, impose step edits that require patients to try alternative, including generic, treatments before authorizing payment for our products, limit the types of diagnoses for which coverage will be provided or impose a moratorium on coverage for products while the payor makes a coverage decision. An inability to maintain adequate formulary positions could increase patient cost-sharing for our products and cause some patients to determine not to use our products. Any delays or unforeseen difficulties in reimbursement approvals could limit patient access, depress therapy adherence rates, and adversely impact our ability to successfully commercialize our products. If we are unsuccessful in obtaining and maintaining broad coverage and reimbursement for our products, our anticipated revenue from and growth prospects for our products could be negatively affected. 30 Table of Contents If third parties institute high co-payment amounts or other benefit limits for our products, the demand for our products and, accordingly, our revenues and results of operations, could be adversely affected. Our patient assistance programs have provided support for non-profit organizations that provide financial assistance to eligible patients or in some cases, we have provided our products without charge to eligible patients who have no insurance coverage or are underinsured. Substantial support in this manner could harm our profitability in the future. Further, the ability of non-profit organizations to provide assistance to patients is dependent on funding from external sources, and we cannot guarantee that such funding will be provided at adequate levels, or at all. Risks related to proposed changes in government regulations and healthcare reform measures are described below under “Other Risks Relating to our Business—Healthcare reform measures could impact the pricing and profitability of pharmaceuticals, and adversely affect the commercial viability of our or our collaborators’ products and drug candidates. If recent proposals for changes to Medicare and Medicaid reimbursement of drug prices are adopted into law, our results of operations and financial condition could be harmed.” If government and other third-party payors refuse to provide coverage and reimbursement with respect to our products, determine to provide a lower level of coverage and reimbursement than anticipated, reduce previously approved levels of coverage and reimbursement, or delay reimbursement payments, then our pricing or reimbursement for our products may be affected and our product sales, results of operations or financial condition could be harmed. Our collaborators Novartis and Lilly are affected by similar considerations for the drugs that they market and for which we may receive royalties. We depend upon a limited number of specialty pharmacies and wholesalers for a significant portion of any revenues from JAKAFI and most of our other drug products, and the loss of, or significant reduction in sales to, any one of these specialty pharmacies or wholesalers could adversely affect our operations and financial condition. We sell JAKAFI and our other drug products other than OPZELURA primarily to specialty pharmacies and wholesalers. Specialty pharmacies dispense JAKAFI and our other drug products to patients in fulfillment of prescriptions and wholesalers sell JAKAFI and our other drug products to hospitals and physician offices. We do not promote JAKAFI or our other drug products to specialty pharmacies or wholesalers, and they do not set or determine demand for JAKAFI or our other drug products. Our ability to successfully commercialize JAKAFI and our other drug products will depend, in part, on the extent to which we are able to provide adequate distribution of JAKAFI and our other drug products to patients. Although we have contracted with a number of specialty pharmacies and wholesalers, they are expected generally to carry a very limited inventory and may be reluctant to be part of our distribution network in the future if demand for our products does not increase. Further, it is possible that these specialty pharmacies and wholesalers could decide to change their policies or fees, or both, at some time in the future. This could result in their refusal to carry smaller volume products such as JAKAFI and our other drug products, or lower margins or the need to find alternative methods of distributing our product. Although we believe we can find alternative channels to distribute JAKAFI or our other drug products on relatively short notice, our revenue during that period of time may suffer and we may incur additional costs to replace any such specialty pharmacy or wholesaler. The loss of any large specialty pharmacy or wholesaler as part of our distribution network, a significant reduction in sales we make to specialty pharmacies or wholesalers, or any failure to pay for the products we have shipped to them could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. If we are unable to establish and maintain effective sales, marketing and distribution capabilities, or to enter into agreements with third parties to do so, we will not be able to successfully commercialize our products. We have established commercial capabilities in the United States and outside of the United States, but cannot guarantee that we will be able to enter into and maintain any marketing, distribution or third-party logistics agreements with third-party providers on acceptable terms, if at all. We may not be able to correctly judge the size and experience of the sales and marketing force and the scale of distribution capabilities necessary to successfully market and sell any new products. Establishing and maintaining sales, marketing and distribution capabilities are expensive and time-consuming. Competition for personnel with experience in sales and marketing can be high. Our expenses associated with building and maintaining the sales force and distribution capabilities may be disproportional compared to the revenues we may be able to generate on sales of our products. We are continuing to establish and maintain sales, marketing and distribution capabilities for our products. Successful commercialization of our drug candidates requires us to establish new physician and payor relationships, PBM and pharmacy network relationships, reimbursement strategies and governmental interactions, separate from our existing capabilities. Our inability to successfully commercialize our products could harm our business and operating results. 31 Table of Contents If we fail to comply with applicable laws and regulations, we could lose our approval to market our products or be subject to other governmental enforcement activity. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to maintain regulatory approval to market our products in the jurisdictions in which they are currently marketed. If we do not maintain our regulatory approval to market our products, our results of operations will be materially harmed. We and our collaborators, third-party manufacturers and suppliers are subject to rigorous and extensive regulation by the FDA and other federal and state agencies as well as foreign governmental agencies. These regulations continue to apply after product marketing approval, and cover, among other things, testing, manufacturing, quality control and assurance, labeling, advertising, promotion, risk mitigation, and adverse event reporting requirements. The commercialization of our products is subject to post-regulatory approval product surveillance, and our products may have to be withdrawn from the market or subject to restrictions if previously unknown problems occur. Regulatory agencies may also require additional clinical trials or testing for our products, and our products may be recalled or may be subject to reformulation, additional studies, changes in labeling, warnings to the public and negative publicity. For example, from late 2013 through 2014, ICLUSIG was subject to review by the European Medicines Agency (“EMA”), of the benefits and risks of ICLUSIG to better understand the nature, frequency and severity of events obstructing the arteries or veins, the potential mechanism that leads to these side effects and whether there needed to be a revision in the dosing recommendation, patient monitoring and a risk management plan for ICLUSIG. This review was completed in January 2015, with additional warnings in the product information but without any change in the approved indications. The EMA could take additional actions in the future that reduce the commercial potential of ICLUSIG. In addition, in September 2021, the FDA updated labeling for JAKAFI and other JAK inhibitor drugs to include warnings of increased risk of major adverse cardiovascular events, thrombosis, and secondary malignancies related to another JAK-inhibitor treating rheumatoid arthritis, a condition for which JAKAFI is not indicated. As part of the FDA labeling update for oral JAK inhibitors in treating inflammatory conditions, class “boxed” warnings were also included in the OPZELURA label. It is possible that future sales of JAKAFI and OPZELURA could be negatively affected as a result of the “boxed” warnings, which could have a material and adverse effect on our business, results of operations and prospects. Failure to comply with the laws and regulations administered by the FDA or other agencies could result in: • administrative and judicial sanctions, including warning letters; • fines and other civil penalties; • suspension or withdrawal of regulatory approval to market or manufacture our products; • interruption of production; • operating restrictions; • product recall or seizure; • injunctions; and • criminal prosecution. The occurrence of any such event may have a material adverse effect on our business. Furthermore, disruptions at the FDA and other regulatory agencies could prevent those agencies from performing normal business functions on which the operation of our business relies, which could negatively impact our business. 32 Table of Contents If the use of our products harms patients, or is perceived to harm patients even when such harm is unrelated to our products, our regulatory approvals could be revoked or otherwise negatively impacted or we could be subject to costly and damaging product liability claims. The testing, manufacturing, marketing and sale of our products could expose us to product liability and other risks. Side effects and other problems experienced by patients from the use of our products could: • lessen the frequency with which physicians decide to prescribe our products; • encourage physicians to stop prescribing our products to their patients who previously had been prescribed our products; • cause serious harm to patients that may give rise to product liability claims against us; and • result in our need to withdraw or recall our products from the marketplace. If our products are used by a wide patient population, new risks and side effects may be discovered, the rate of known risks or side effects may increase, and risks previously viewed as less significant could be determined to be significant. Previously unknown risks and adverse effects of our products may also be discovered in connection with unapproved, or off-label, uses of our products. We are prohibited by law from promoting or in any way supporting or encouraging the promotion of our products for off-label uses, but physicians are permitted to use products for off-label purposes. In addition, we are studying and expect to continue to study our approved products in diseases for potential additional indications in controlled clinical settings, and independent investigators are doing so as well. In the event of any new risks or adverse effects discovered as new patients are treated and as our products are studied in or used by patients for off-label indications, regulatory authorities may delay or revoke their approvals, we may be required to conduct additional clinical trials, make changes in labeling of our products, reformulate our products or make changes and obtain new approvals. We may also experience a significant drop in the sales of our products, experience harm to our reputation and the reputation of our products in the marketplace or become subject to lawsuits, including class actions. Any of these results could decrease or prevent sales of our products or substantially increase the costs and expenses of commercializing our products. Patients who have been enrolled in our clinical trials or who may use our products in the future often have severe and advanced stages of disease and known as well as unknown significant pre-existing and potentially life-threatening health risks. During the course of treatment, patients may suffer adverse events, including death, for reasons that may or may not be related to our products. Such events could subject us to costly litigation, require us to pay substantial amounts of money to injured patients, delay, negatively impact or end our opportunity to receive or maintain regulatory approval to market our products, or require us to suspend or abandon our commercialization efforts. Even in a circumstance in which we do not believe that an adverse event is related to our products, the investigation into the circumstance may be time consuming or inconclusive. These investigations may interrupt our sales efforts, impact and limit the type of regulatory approvals our products receive or maintain, or delay the regulatory approval process in other countries. Factors similar to those listed above also apply to our collaborators in the jurisdictions in which they have development and commercialization rights. If we market our products in a manner that violates various laws and regulations, we may be subject to civil or criminal penalties. In addition to FDA and related regulatory requirements, we are subject to healthcare “fraud and abuse” laws, such as the federal False Claims Act, the anti-kickback provisions of the federal Social Security Act, and other state and federal laws and regulations. Federal and state anti-kickback laws prohibit, among other things, knowingly and willfully offering, paying, soliciting or receiving remuneration to induce, or in return for purchasing, leasing, ordering or arranging for the purchase, lease or order of any healthcare item or service reimbursable under Medicare, Medicaid, or other federally- or state-financed healthcare programs. Federal false claims laws prohibit any person from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, a false claim for payment to the federal government, or knowingly making, or causing to be made, a false statement to get a false claim paid. Pharmaceutical companies have been prosecuted under these laws for a variety of alleged promotional and marketing activities. 33 Table of Contents Although physicians are permitted, based on their medical judgment, to prescribe products for indications other than those approved by the FDA, manufacturers are prohibited from promoting their products for such off-label uses. Although we believe that our promotional materials for physicians do not constitute improper promotion, the FDA or other agencies may disagree. If the FDA or another agency determines that our promotional materials or other activities constitute improper promotion, it could request that we modify our promotional materials or other activities or subject us to regulatory enforcement actions, including the issuance of a warning letter, injunction, seizure, civil fine and criminal penalties. It is also possible that other federal, state or foreign enforcement authorities might take action if they believe that the alleged improper promotion led to the submission and payment of claims for an unapproved use, which could result in significant fines or penalties under other statutory authorities, such as laws prohibiting false claims for reimbursement. Even if it is later determined we are not in violation of these laws, we may be faced with negative publicity, incur significant expenses defending our position and have to divert significant management resources from other matters. The EU and member countries, as well as governmental authorities in other countries, impose similar strict restrictions on the promotion and marketing of drug products. The off-label promotion of medicinal products is prohibited in the EU and in other territories, and the EU also maintains strict controls on advertising and promotional materials. The promotion of medicinal products that are not subject to a marketing authorization is also prohibited in the EU. Violations of the rules governing the promotion of medicinal products in the EU and in other territories could be penalized by administrative measures, fines and imprisonment. The majority of states also have statutes or regulations similar to the federal anti-kickback law and false claims laws, which apply to items and services reimbursed under Medicaid and other state programs, or, in several states, apply regardless of the payor. Numerous states and localities have enacted or are considering enacting legislation requiring pharmaceutical companies to establish marketing compliance programs, file periodic reports or make periodic public disclosures on sales, marketing, pricing, clinical trials, and other activities. Additionally, as part of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, the U.S. federal government has enacted the Physician Payment Sunshine provisions. These provisions and similar laws and regulations in other jurisdictions where we do business require manufacturers to publicly report certain payments or other transfers of value made to physicians and teaching hospitals. Many of these requirements are new and uncertain, and the penalties for failure to comply with these requirements are unclear. Nonetheless, if we are found not to be in full compliance with these laws, we could face enforcement action and fines and other penalties, which could be significant in amount or result in exclusion from federal healthcare programs such as Medicare and Medicaid. Any action initiated against us for violation of these laws, even if we successfully defend against it, could require the expenditure of significant resources and generate negative publicity, which could harm our business and operating results, and any settlement of such action initiated against us, regardless of the merits, could result in the payment of significant amounts, which could harm our financial condition and operating results. See also “—Other Risks Relating to our Business—If we fail to comply with the extensive legal and regulatory requirements affecting the healthcare industry, we could face increased costs, penalties and a loss of business” below. Competition for our products could harm our business and result in a decrease in our revenue. Our products compete, and our product candidates may in the future compete, with currently existing therapies, including generic drugs, product candidates currently under development by us and others, or future product candidates, including new chemical entities that may be safer or more effective or more convenient than our products. Any products that we develop may be commercialized in competitive markets, and our competitors, which include large global pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical companies and smaller research-based biotechnology companies, may succeed in developing products that render our products obsolete or noncompetitive. Many of our competitors, particularly large pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical companies, have substantially greater financial, operational and human resources than we do. Smaller or earlier stage companies may also prove to be significant competitors, particularly through focused development programs and collaborative arrangements with large, established companies. In addition, many of our competitors deploy more personnel to market and sell their products than we do, and we compete with other companies to recruit, hire, train and retain pharmaceutical sales and marketing personnel. If our sales force and sales support organization are not appropriately resourced and sized to adequately promote our products, the commercial potential of our current and any future products may be diminished. In any event, the commercial potential of our current products and any future products may be reduced or eliminated if our competitors develop or acquire and commercialize generic or branded products that are safer or more effective, are more convenient or are less expensive than our products. See “Item 1. Business—Competition” in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information regarding the effects of competition. If we are unable to compete successfully, our commercial opportunities will be reduced and our business, results of operations and financial conditions may be materially harmed. 34 Table of Contents Present and potential competitors for JAKAFI include major pharmaceutical an

=== INCY_2026-04-28.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors RISKS RELATING TO COMMERCIALIZATION OF OUR PRODUCTS We depend heavily on our lead product, JAKAFI (ruxolitinib), which is marketed as JAKAVI outside the United States. If we are unable to maintain revenues from JAKAFI/JAKAVI or those revenues decrease, our business may be materially harmed. JAKAFI is the first product marketed by us to be approved for sale in the United States. While we also sell our and our licensors’ other approved products ICLUSIG, PEMAZYRE, MONJUVI/MINJUVI, OPZELURA, ZYNYZ and NIKTIMVO and our exclusive licensees sell OLUMIANT and TABRECTA, we anticipate that JAKAFI product sales will continue to contribute a significant percentage of our total revenues over the next several years. However, we expect that JAKAFI product sales will begin to decline upon the expiration of our patent exclusivity in 2028. The continued commercial success of JAKAFI and our ability to maintain and continue to increase revenues from the sale of JAKAFI will depend on a number of factors, including: • the number of patients diagnosed with intermediate or high-risk myelofibrosis, uncontrolled polycythemia vera or steroid-refractory graft-versus-host disease and the number of such patients that may be treated with JAKAFI; • the acceptance of JAKAFI by patients and the healthcare community; • whether physicians, patients and healthcare payors view JAKAFI as therapeutically effective and safe relative to cost and any alternative therapies, as well as whether patients will continue to use JAKAFI; • the ability to obtain and maintain sufficient coverage or reimbursement by third-party payors and pricing; • the ability of our third-party manufacturers to manufacture JAKAFI in sufficient quantities that meet all applicable quality standards; • the ability of our company and our third-party providers to provide marketing and distribution support for JAKAFI; • the label and promotional claims allowed by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA); • the maintenance of regulatory approval for the approved indications in the United States; • our ability to develop, obtain regulatory approval for and commercialize JAKAFI in the United States for additional indications or in combination with other therapeutic modalities; and • the effects of a public health pandemic or epidemic such as the COVID-19 pandemic or of adverse geopolitical events, regulatory, legislative or administrative developments. If we are not able to maintain revenues from JAKAFI in the United States, or our revenues from JAKAFI decrease, our business may be materially harmed and we may need to delay other drug discovery, development and commercialization initiatives or even significantly curtail operations, and our ability to license or acquire new products to diversify our revenue base could be limited. In addition, revenues from our other products and our receipt of royalties under our collaboration agreements, including our agreements with Novartis Pharmaceutical International Ltd. for sales of JAKAVI outside the United States and TABRECTA globally and with Eli Lilly and Company for worldwide sales of OLUMIANT, will depend on factors similar to those listed above, with similar regulatory, pricing and reimbursement issues driven by applicable regulatory authorities and governmental and third-party payors affecting jurisdictions outside the United States. 48 Table of Contents If we are unable to obtain, or maintain at anticipated levels, coverage and reimbursement for our products from government health administration authorities, private health insurers and other organizations, our pricing may be affected and our product sales, results of operations and financial condition could be harmed. Our ability to commercialize our current and any future approved products successfully will depend in part on the prices we are able to charge for these products and the extent to which adequate coverage and reimbursement levels for the cost of our products and related treatment are obtained from third-party payors, such as private insurers, government insurance programs, including Medicare and Medicaid, health maintenance organizations and other healthcare related organizations in the United States and abroad. We may not be able to sell our products on a profitable basis or our profitability may be reduced if we are required to sell our products at lower than anticipated prices or reimbursement is unavailable or limited in scope or amount. The costs of the drug products marketed by us are not insignificant and almost all patients will require some form of third-party coverage to afford their cost. Our future revenues and profitability will be adversely affected if we cannot depend on government and other third-party payors to defray the cost of our products to the patient. Governments and other third-party payors continue to pursue initiatives to manage drug costs. Pricing and reimbursement for our products may be adversely affected by a number of factors, including; • actions of federal, state and foreign governments and other third-party payors to implement or modify laws, regulations or policies addressing payment and reimbursement for drugs; • pressure by employers on private health insurance plans to reduce costs or moderate cost increases, as well as continued public scrutiny of the price of drugs and other healthcare costs; • consolidation of third-party payors and continued initiatives of government and other third-party payors to reduce costs by seeking price discounts or rebates, reducing reimbursement rates or imposing restrictions on access to or coverage of particular drugs based on perceived value; • pressure on healthcare budgets resulting from macroeconomic factors such as inflation, rising interest rates and the economic effects of geopolitical conflicts; and • the increasing number of hospitals and other covered entities that are eligible to participate in the U.S. 340B drug pricing program, which requires drug manufacturers such as our company to sell drugs to those entities at discounted prices in order for those drugs to be covered by Medicaid. In many markets outside of the United States, including countries of the European Union (EU), drug pricing and reimbursement are subject to government control, and government authorities are making greater efforts to limit or regulate the price of drug products. Reimbursement systems in international markets vary significantly by country and by region, and reimbursement approvals must be obtained on a country-by-country basis. Reimbursement in the EU must be negotiated on a country-by-country basis and in many countries a drug product cannot be commercially launched until reimbursement is approved. The timing to complete the negotiation process in each country is highly uncertain, and in some countries, we expect that it may exceed 12 months. Some countries set prices by reference to prices in other countries, and countries may refuse to reimburse or may restrict the reimbursed population for a drug product based on their national health technology assessments and cost effectiveness thresholds. In addition, governmental authorities in many countries may reduce prices for approved drug products from previously established prices. Third-party payors are increasingly challenging the prices charged for medical products and services, and payors and employers are adopting benefit plan changes that shift a greater portion of prescription drug costs to patients. Third party pharmacy benefit managers (PBMs) , other similar organizations and payors can limit coverage to specific products on an approved list, or formulary, which might not include all of the approved products for a particular indication, and to exclude drugs from their formularies in favor of competitor drugs or alternative treatments, or place drugs on formulary tiers with higher patient co-pay obligations, and/or to mandate stricter utilization criteria. Formulary exclus