=== INCY_2026-02-10.htm.gz ===
Item 1A of Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Given these risks and uncertainties, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Except as required by federal securities laws, we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements for any reason, even if new information becomes available or other events occur in the future. In this report all references to Incyte, we, us, our or the Company mean Incyte Corporation and our subsidiaries, except where it is made clear that such term means only the parent company. Incyte, JAKAFI, MINJUVI, MONJUVI, OPZELURA, PEMAZYRE and ZYNYZ are our registered trademarks and NIKTIMVO and JAKAFI XR are our trademarks. We also refer to trademarks of other corporations and organizations in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 4 Table of Contents Summary Risk Factors Our business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could affect our ability to successfully implement our business strategy and affect our financial results. You should carefully consider all of the information in this report and, in particular, the following principal risks and all of the other specific factors described in Item 1A. Risk Factors of this report before deciding whether to invest in our company. We depend heavily on JAKAFI/JAKAVI (ruxolitinib), and if we are not able to maintain revenues from JAKAFI/JAKAVI or those revenues decrease, our business may be materially harmed. If we or our collaborators are unable to obtain, or maintain at anticipated levels, coverage and reimbursement for our products from government and other third-party payors, our results of operations and financial condition could be harmed. A limited number of specialty pharmacies and wholesalers represent a significant portion of revenues from JAKAFI and most of our other products, and the loss of, or significant reduction in sales to, any one of these specialty pharmacies or wholesalers could harm our operations and financial condition. If we are unable to establish and maintain effective sales, marketing and distribution capabilities, or to enter into agreements with third parties to do so, we will not be able to successfully commercialize our products. If we fail to comply with applicable laws and regulations, we could lose our approval to market our products or be subject to other governmental enforcement activity, and we could face increased costs, penalties and a loss of business. If we market our products in a manner that violates various laws and regulations, we may be subject to civil or criminal penalties. Competition for our products could harm our business and result in a decrease in our revenue. We or our collaborators may be unsuccessful in discovering and developing drug candidates, and we may spend significant time and money attempting to do so, in particular with our later stage drug candidates. If we or our collaborators are unable to obtain regulatory approval in and outside of the United States for drug candidates, we and our collaborators will be unable to commercialize those drug candidates. Healthcare reform measures could impact the pricing and profitability of pharmaceuticals, and adversely affect the commercial viability of our or our collaborators products and drug candidates. If recent proposals for changes to Medicare and Medicaid reimbursement of drug prices are adopted into law, our results of operations and financial condition could be harmed. Conflicts between us and our collaborators or the termination of our collaboration agreements could limit future development and commercialization of our drug candidates and harm our business. If we are unable to establish collaborations to fully exploit our drug discovery and development capabilities or if such collaborations are unsuccessful, our future revenue prospects could be diminished. If we fail to enter into additional in-licensing agreements or if these arrangements are unsuccessful, we may be unable to increase our number of successfully marketed products and our revenues. Business disruptions, including those resulting from public health pandemics, natural disasters and other geopolitical events, could adversely affect our business and results of operations. Even if one of our drug candidates receives regulatory approval, we may determine that commercialization would not be worth the investment. We have limited capacity to conduct preclinical testing and clinical trials, and our resulting dependence on other parties could result in delays in and additional costs for our drug development efforts. Our reliance on others to manufacture our drug products and drug candidates could result in drug supply constraints, delays in clinical trials, increased costs, and withdrawal or denial of regulatory approvals. 5 Table of Contents The illegal distribution and sale by third parties of counterfeit or unfit versions of our or our collaborators products or stolen products could harm our business and reputation. As most of our drug discovery and development operations are conducted at our headquarters in Wilmington, Delaware, the loss of access to this facility would negatively impact our business. If we lose any of our key employees or are unable to attract and retain additional personnel, our business and ability to achieve our objectives could be harmed. If we fail to manage our growth effectively, our ability to develop and commercialize products could suffer. We may acquire businesses or assets, form joint ventures or make investments in other companies that may be unsuccessful, divert our management s attention and harm our operating results and prospects. Risks associated with our operations outside of the United States could adversely affect our business. If the use of our products harms or is perceived to harm patients or product liability lawsuits are brought against us, our regulatory approvals could be revoked or negatively impacted and we could face substantial liabilities, which may require us to limit commercialization of our products, and our results of operations could be harmed. Because our activities involve the use of hazardous materials, we may be subject to claims relating to improper handling, storage or disposal of these materials that could be time consuming and costly. We expect to continue to incur significant expenses to discover and develop drugs, which could result in future losses and impair our ability to achieve sustained profitability in the future. If we are unable to raise additional capital in the future when we require it, our efforts to broaden our product portfolio or commercialization efforts could be limited. Our marketable securities and equity investments are subject to risks that could adversely affect our overall financial position, and tax law changes could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. If we are unable to achieve milestones, develop product candidates to license or renew or enter into new collaborations, our royalty and milestone revenues and future prospects for those revenues may decrease. Any arbitration or litigation involving us and regarding intellectual property infringement claims could be costly and disrupt our drug discovery and development efforts. Our inability to adequately protect or enforce our proprietary information may result in loss of revenues or otherwise reduce our ability to compete. If the effective term of our patents is decreased or if we need to refile some of our patent applications, the value of our patent portfolio and the revenues we derive from it may be decreased. International patent protection is particularly uncertain and costly, and our involvement in opposition proceedings may result in the expenditure of substantial sums and management resources. Significant disruptions of information technology systems, breaches of data security or unauthorized disclosures of sensitive data could harm our business and subject us to liability or reputational damage. Increasing use of social media and new technology, including artificial intelligence, could give rise to liability, breaches of data security or reputational damage, which could harm our business and results of operations. 6 Table of Contents Item 1. Business Overview Incyte is a global biopharmaceutical company engaged in the discovery, development and commercialization of proprietary therapeutics. Our global headquarters is located in Wilmington, Delaware, where we conduct discovery, clinical development and commercial operations. We also conduct clinical development and commercial operations from our European headquarters in Morges, Switzerland, and our other offices across Europe, as well as our Japanese headquarters in Tokyo and our Canadian headquarters in Montreal. We are focused in three therapeutic areas that are defined by the indications of our approved medicines and the diseases for which our clinical candidates are being developed. These therapeutic areas are: Hematology, Oncology, and Inflammation and Autoimmunity ( IAI ). Hematology Our hematology franchise includes four approved products, JAKAFI (ruxolitinib), ICLUSIG (ponatinib), MONJUVI (tafasitamab-cxix)/MINJUVI (tafasitamab) and NIKTIMVO (axatilimab-csfr), as well as multiple clinical development programs. Approved Products JAKAFI (ruxolitinib) JAKAFI (ruxolitinib) was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) in November 2011 for the treatment of adults with intermediate or high-risk myelofibrosis ( MF ); in December 2014 for the treatment of adults with polycythemia vera ( PV ) who have had an inadequate response to or are intolerant of hydroxyurea; in May 2019 for the treatment of steroid-refractory acute graft-versus-host disease ( GVHD ) in adult and pediatric patients 12 years and older; and in September 2021 for the treatment of chronic GVHD after failure of one or two lines of systemic therapy in adult and pediatric patients 12 years and older . MF and PV are both myeloproliferative neoplasms ( MPNs ), a group of rare blood cancers, and GVHD is an adverse immune response to an allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplant ( HSCT ). The FDA has granted JAKAFI orphan drug status for MF, PV and GVHD. In addition, ruxolitinib phosphate qualifies for the Small Biotech Exception from the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services ( CMS ) under the Inflation Reduction Act. Myelofibrosis. MF, a rare, life-threatening condition, is considered the most serious of the MPNs and can occur either as primary MF or as secondary MF in patients who previously had PV or essential thrombocythemia ( ET ). In November 2011, the FDA approved JAKAFI for the treatment of adults with intermediate or high-risk MF, including primary MF, post-PV MF and post-ET MF. There were no FDA approved therapies for MF until the approval of JAKAFI. Polycythemia Vera. PV is an MPN typically characterized by elevated hematocrit, the volume percentage of red blood cells in whole blood, which can lead to a thickening of the blood and an increased risk of blood clots, as well as an elevated white blood cell and platelet count. In December 2014, the FDA approved JAKAFI for the treatment of patients with PV who have had an inadequate response to or are intolerant of hydroxyurea. Graft-versus-host disease. GVHD is a condition that can occur after an allogeneic HSCT (the transfer of genetically dissimilar stem cells or tissue) where the donated bone marrow or peripheral blood stem cells view the recipient s body as foreign and attack various tissues. In May 2019, the FDA approved JAKAFI for the treatment of steroid-refractory acute GVHD in adult and pediatric patients 12 years and older. In September 2021, the FDA approved JAKAFI for the treatment of chronic GVHD after failure of one or two lines of systemic therapy in adult and pediatric patients 12 years and older. Under our collaboration agreement with Novartis Pharmaceutical International Ltd. ( Novartis ), Novartis received exclusive development and commercialization rights to ruxolitinib outside of the United States for all hematologic and oncologic indications and sells ruxolitinib outside of the United States under the name JAKAVI. We are eligible to receive development and sales milestones as well as royalties from product sales outside the United States. 7 Table of Contents We have retained all development and commercialization rights to JAKAFI in the United States. We market JAKAFI in the United States through our own specialty sales force and commercial team. JAKAFI is distributed primarily through a network of specialty pharmacy providers and wholesalers that allow for efficient delivery of the medication by mail directly to patients or direct delivery to the patient s pharmacy. We hold patents that cover the composition of matter and use of ruxolitinib and its salt. These patents, including applicable extensions, currently expire in mid and late 2028, respectively. ICLUSIG (ponatinib) In June 2016, we acquired the European operations of ARIAD Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and obtained an exclusive license to develop and commercialize ICLUSIG (ponatinib), a kinase inhibitor, in Europe and other select countries. The primary target for ICLUSIG is BCR-ABL, an abnormal tyrosine kinase that is expressed in chronic myeloid leukemia ( CML ) and Philadelphia-chromosome positive acute lymphoblastic leukemia ( Ph+ ALL ). In the European Union, ICLUSIG is approved for the treatment of adult patients with chronic phase, accelerated phase or blast phase CML who are resistant to dasatinib or nilotinib; who are intolerant to dasatinib or nilotinib and for whom subsequent treatment with imatinib is not clinically appropriate; or who have the T315I mutation. In the European Union, ICLUSIG also is approved for the treatment of adult patients with Ph+ ALL who are resistant to dasatinib; who are intolerant to dasatinib and for whom subsequent treatment with imatinib is not clinically appropriate; or who have the T315I mutation. MONJUVI (tafasitamab-cxix) / MINJUVI (tafasitamab) In January 2020, we and MorphoSys AG ( MorphoSys ) entered into a collaboration and license agreement to further develop and commercialize MorphoSys proprietary anti-CD19 antibody tafasitamab (formerly MOR208) globally. In February 2024, we entered into a purchase agreement with MorphoSys relating to tafasitamab. As a result, we now hold exclusive global rights for tafasitamab, and the collaboration and license agreement was terminated. Diffuse Large B-cell Lymphoma. In July 2020, the FDA approved MONJUVI (tafasitamab-cxix), in combination with lenalidomide, for the treatment of adult patients with relapsed or refractory ( r/r ) diffuse large B-cell lymphoma ( DLBCL ) not otherwise specified, including DLBCL arising from low grade lymphoma, and who are not eligible for autologous stem cell transplant ( ASCT ). In August 2021, the European Commission granted conditional marketing authorization for MINJUVI (tafasitamab) in combination with lenalidomide, followed by MINJUVI monotherapy, for the treatment of adult patients with r/r DLBCL who are not eligible for ASCT. Follicular Lymphoma. In June 2025, MONJUVI (tafasitamab-cxix) was approved by the FDA for the treatment of adult patients with r/r follicular lymphoma ( FL ) in combination with rituximab and lenalidomide. In December 2025, MINJUVI (tafasitamab) was approved by the European Commission in combination with lenalidomide and rituximab for the treatment of adult patients with r/r FL (Grade 1-3a) after at least one line of systemic therapy. Also in December 2025, MINJUVI (tafasitamab) was approved by Japan s Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare ( MHLW ) in combination with rituximab and lenalidomide for adult patients with r/r FL (2L+ FL). NIKTIMVO (axatilimab-csfr) In September 2021, we entered into an exclusive worldwide collaboration and license agreement with Syndax Pharmaceuticals, Inc. ( Syndax ) to develop and commercialize axatilimab, Syndax s anti-CSF-1R monoclonal antibody. In August 2024, the FDA approved NIKTIMVO (axatilimab-csfr) for the treatment of chronic GVHD after failure of at least two prior lines of systemic therapy in adult and pediatric patients. NIKTIMVO is the first approved anti-CSF-1R antibody targeting the drivers of inflammation and fibrosis seen in chronic GVHD. The U.S. commercial launch of NIKTIMVO commenced in January 2025. 8 Table of Contents Clinical Programs in Hematology JAKAFI XR We are developing a once-a-day formulation of ruxolitinib for potential use as monotherapy and in combinations. Bioavailability and bioequivalence data were published for ruxolitinib s once-daily ( QD ) extended release ( XR ) formulation at the European Hematology Association Virtual Congress in June 2021. In March 2023, the FDA issued a complete response letter ( CRL ) for ruxolitinib XR tablets for QD use in the treatment of certain types of MF, PV and GVHD. In December 2023, we received FDA feedback and agreed on the requirements to address the CRL. In early 2025, we announced that a bioequivalence study of ruxolitinib XR was completed and the bioequivalence criteria were met. A response to the CRL has been submitted and we anticipate a regulatory decision and potential commercial launch in mid-2026 . INCA033989 (mutCALR) INCA033989 is an Incyte-discovered, investigational, novel, anti-mutant calreticulin ( CALR )-targeted monoclonal antibody in clinical development for the treatment of adults with mutCALR-positive ET and MF. Essential Thrombocythemia. INCA033989 is being evaluated for the treatment of adults with mutCALR-positive ET who are resistant or intolerant to at least one cytoreductive therapy. In 2025, we presented data from our Phase 1 study demonstrating a rapid and durable normalization of platelet counts and a reduction in peripheral blood mutCALR variant allele frequency ( VAF ) correlating with hematologic response with INCA033989 treatment. INCA033989 was well tolerated with no dose limiting toxicities reported. In December 2025, we announced that the FDA granted Breakthrough Therapy designation to INCA033989 for the treatment of patients with ET harboring a Type 1 CALR mutation who are resistant or intolerant to at least one cytoreductive therapy. The initiation of a Phase 3 trial evaluating INCA033989 in ET is anticipated in mid-2026. Myelofibrosis. INCA033989 is being evaluated for the treatment of adults with mutCALR-positive MF. In December 2025, at the 2025 American Society of Hematology Annual Meeting, we presented data from our Phase 1 studies evaluating INCA033989 as a monotherapy and in combination with ruxolitinib in patients with mutCALR positive MF. The data demonstrated rapid and robust reductions in spleen volume and symptoms, and improvements in anemia with INCA033989 treatment, and a favorable safety profile with no dose limiting toxicities reported. Additionally, exploratory analyses from clinical studies demonstrate the potential for disease modifying activity by directly inhibiting and eliminating oncogenic mutCALR cells, while sparing healthy cells and restoring normal blood cell production in MF patients with a CALR mutation. The planned initiation of a Phase 3 trial evaluating INCA033989 in MF is anticipated in the second half of 2026. In October 2025, we announced an agreement with Enable Injections, Inc. ( Enable ) to develop for use with specific assets in our portfolio, including INCA033989, Enable s enFuse on-body delivery system. Under the terms of the agreement, we obtained a worldwide, exclusive license to use the enFuse technology with INCA033989 in ET and MF, with the potential to expand to additional assets and indications . A Phase 1 trial initiation is anticipated in the first quarter of 2026. INCA035784 (mutCALRxCD3 bispecific) INCA035784 is a novel, equipotent T-cell redirecting mutCALR x CD3 bispecific antibody being evaluated for patients with mutCALR positive MPNs. Phase 1 data evaluating INCA035784 in MF and ET patients with a CALR mutation are anticipated in 2027. INCB160058 (JAK2V617Fi) INCB160058 is an Incyte-discovered, novel JAK2V617F mutant-specific inhibitor being evaluated in patients with MPNs harboring a JAK2V617F mutation. Results from the Phase 1 trial evaluating INCB160058 in MPN patients with a JAK2V617F mutation are anticipated in the second half of 2026. 9 Table of Contents Axatilimab-csfr Axatilimab is a colony stimulating factor-1 receptor (CSF-1R)-blocking antibody targeting monocytes and macrophages, reducing inflammation and fibrosis associated with chronic GVHD. A Phase 2 trial evaluating axatilimab in combination with ruxolitinib in patients with newly diagnosed chronic GVHD is ongoing, with results anticipated in early 2027. A Phase 3 trial evaluating axatilimab in combination with corticosteroids as an initial treatment in patients with chronic GVHD is ongoing, with results anticipated in early 2028. Tafasitamab Tafasitamab is a humanized Fc-modified cytolytic CD19 targeting monoclonal antibody that is being evaluated in combination with lenalidomide added to rituximab plus chemotherapy as a first-line therapy for patients with DLBCL. In January 2026, we announced positive topline results from the pivotal Phase 3 frontMIND trial evaluating tafasitamab and lenalidomide in combination with R-CHOP as a first-line therapy for patients with DLBCL. The trial met the primary endpoint of progression free survival by investigator assessment and also met the key secondary endpoint of event-free survival by investigator assessment. No new safety signals were observed. Additional frontMIND data will be submitted for presentation at an upcoming scientific meeting. Based on these positive results, we expect to file a supplemental Biologics License Application for tafasitamab and lenalidomide in addition to R-CHOP for the first-line treatment of adult patients with newly diagnosed DLBCL in the first half of 2026. Oncology Our oncology franchise includes two approved products, PEMAZYRE (pemigatinib) and ZYNYZ (retifanlimab-dlwr), as well as several clinical development programs. Approved Products PEMAZYRE (pemigatinib) Cholangiocarcinoma. In April 2020, the FDA approved PEMAZYRE (pemigatinib), a selective fibroblast growth factor receptor kinase inhibitor, for the treatment of adults with previously treated, unresectable locally advanced or metastatic cholangiocarcinoma with a fibroblast growth factor receptor 2 ( FGFR2 ) fusion or other rearrangement as detected by an FDA-approved test. Cholangiocarcinoma is a rare cancer that arises from the cells within the bile ducts. PEMAZYRE is the first FDA-approved treatment for this indication. In March 2021, PEMAZYRE was approved by the MHLW for the treatment of patients with unresectable biliary tract cancer with an FGFR2 fusion gene, worsening after cancer chemotherapy. Also in March 2021, PEMAZYRE was approved by the European Commission for the treatment of adults with locally advanced or metastatic cholangiocarcinoma with an FGFR2 fusion or rearrangement that has progressed after at least one prior line of systemic therapy. In July 2021, the U.K. s National Institute for Health and Care Excellence ( NICE ) recommended PEMAZYRE for patients with cholangiocarcinoma with an FGFR2 fusion or rearrangement that have progressed after at least one prior line of systemic therapy. NICE s guidance enables all eligible patients in England and Wales to have access to PEMAZYRE through the National Health Service. In March 2022, PEMAZYRE was approved by the National Medical Products Administration of the People s Republic of China for the treatment of adults with locally advanced or metastatic cholangiocarcinoma with an FGFR2 fusion or rearrangement as confirmed by a validated diagnostic test that has progressed after at least one prior line of systemic therapy. Myeloid/Lymphoid Neoplasms . In August 2022, PEMAZYRE was approved by the FDA as the first and only targeted treatment for myeloid/lymphoid neoplasms ( MLNs ) with a fibroblast growth factor receptor 1 ( FGFR1 ) rearrangement. MLNs with FGFR1 rearrangements are a group of extremely rare but aggressive blood cancers. In March 2023, PEMAZYRE was approved by the MHLW for the treatment of MLNs with FGFR1 rearrangement. 10 Table of Contents ZYNYZ (retifanlimab-dlwr) In October 2017, we and MacroGenics, Inc. ( MacroGenics ), announced an exclusive global collaboration and license agreement for MacroGenics retifanlimab (formerly INCMGA0012), a humanized monoclonal antibody targeting programmed death receptor-1 ( PD-1 ). Under this collaboration, we obtained exclusive worldwide rights for the development and commercialization of retifanlimab in all indications. Merkel Cell Carcinoma. In March 2023, the FDA approved ZYNYZ (retifanlimab-dlwr) under accelerated approval for the treatment of adults with metastatic or recurrent locally advanced Merkel cell carcinoma ( MCC ). In April 2024, the European Commission approved ZYNYZ (retifanlimab) as a monotherapy for the first-line treatment of adult patients with metastatic or recurrent locally advanced MCC not amenable to curative surgery or radiation therapy. Squamous Cell Carcinoma of the Anal Canal. In May 2025, the FDA approved ZYNYZ (retifanlimab-dlwr) for the treatment of adult patients with advanced squamous cell carcinoma of the anal canal ( SCAC ) in combination with chemotherapy and as a single agent. In December 2025, the MHLW approved ZYNYZ in combination with carboplatin and paclitaxel (platinum-based chemotherapy) for the first-line treatment of advanced SCAC. We submitted a Type II variation Marketing Authorization Application ( MAA ) to the European Medicines Agency ( EMA ) and, in January 2026, we announced that the Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use ( CHMP ) issued a positive opinion for ZYNYZ in combination with carboplatin and paclitaxel (platinum-based chemotherapy) for the first-line treatment of adult patients with metastatic or with inoperable locally recurrent SCAC. Clinical Programs in Oncology INCB123667 (CDK2) INCB123667 is a novel, potent and selective oral small molecule inhibitor of serine threonine kinase (CDK2) in clinical development for the treatment of ovarian cancer in patients with Cyclin E1 overexpression. In the fourth quarter of 2025, we initiated MAESTRA-1, a Phase 2 single-arm study of INCB123667 in patients with platinum-resistant ovarian cancer ( PROC ) with Cyclin E1 overexpression, and MAESTRA-2, a Phase 3, randomized, open-label study of INCB123667 versus investigator s choice chemotherapy in patients with PROC with Cyclin E1 overexpression. The initiation of a Phase 3 study evaluating INCB123667 in first-line maintenance ovarian cancer is anticipated in 2026. INCB161734 (KRAS G12D) INCB161734 is a potent, selective and orally bioavailable KRAS G12D inhibitor that is currently being evaluated in patients with locally advanced or metastatic solid tumors with KRASG12D mutation. Pancreatic Ductal Adenocarcinoma. In October 2025, we presented preliminary data from the ongoing Phase 1 study at the 2025 ESMO Congress. In the study, INCB161734 demonstrated a manageable safety profile and clinical efficacy in heavily pretreated pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma ( PDAC ) patients with a KRASG12D mutation. A Phase 3 study evaluating INCB161734 in combination with standard-of-care chemotherapy in first-line patients with metastatic PDAC is anticipated to initiate in the first quarter of 2026. INCA33890 (TGF R2xPD-1) INCA33890 is a TGF R2xPD-1 bispecific antibody developed by Incyte using Merus s licensed bispecific platform to avoid the known toxicity of broad TGF pathway blockade by specifically blocking TGF signaling in cells co-expressing PD-1. Microsatellite Stable Colorectal Cancer. In October 2025, we presented data from the ongoing Phase 1 study at the 2025 ESMO Congress. INCA33890 demonstrated clinical efficacy across multiple tumor types, including microsatellite stable colorectal cancer ( MSS CRC ) in patients with and without active liver metastases. INCA33890 was generally well tolerated as monotherapy and in combination with standard-of-care treatments in patients with metastatic CRC. In the fourth quarter of 2025, a Phase 3 study evaluating INCA33890 in combination with standard-of-care chemotherapy and bevacizumab in first-line MSS CRC was initiated. 11 Table of Contents Inflammation and Autoimmunity Our Inflammation and Autoimmunity franchise is comprised of one approved product, OPZELURA (ruxolitinib) cream, with several clinical programs in development. Approved Products OPZELURA (ruxolitinib) cream Atopic Dermatitis . In September 2021, the FDA approved OPZELURA (ruxolitinib) cream for the topical short-term and non-continuous chronic treatment of mild to moderate atopic dermatitis ( AD ) in non-immunocompromised patients 12 years of age and older whose disease is not adequately controlled with topical prescription therapies, or when those therapies are not advisable. AD is a skin disorder that causes long term inflammation of the skin resulting in itchy, red, swollen and cracked skin. In September 2025, the FDA approved the supplemental New Drug Application ( NDA ) for OPZELURA for the short-term and non-continuous chronic treatment of mild to moderate AD in non-immunocompromised children two years of age and older whose disease is not well controlled with topical prescription therapies, or when those therapies are not advisable. Vitiligo. In July 2022, the FDA approved OPZELURA for the topical treatment of nonsegmental vitiligo in adult and pediatric patients 12 years of age and older. Vitiligo is a chronic autoimmune depigmenting skin disease characterized by patches of the skin losing their pigment. OPZELURA is the first and only FDA approved treatment for repigmentation of vitiligo lesions. OPZELURA was approved for continuous use and no limits to duration as a treatment for nonsegmental vitiligo. In April 2023, the European Commission approved OPZELURA for the topical treatment of nonsegmental vitiligo with facial involvement in adults and adolescents 12 years and older following a positive opinion from the CHMP. In October 2024, OPZELURA cream 1.5% was granted a Notice of Compliance by Health Canada for the topical treatment of both mild to moderate AD and nonsegmental vitiligo in patients 12 years of age and older. Clinical Programs in IAI Ruxolitinib cream Ruxolitinib cream is a potent, selective inhibitor of JAK1 and JAK2 that provides the opportunity to directly target diverse pathogenic pathways that underlie certain immune-mediated dermatologic conditions. Atopic Dermatitis. In July 2025, we announced positive topline results from the Phase 3 (TRuE-AD4) study evaluating ruxolitinib cream in adult patients with moderate atopic dermatitis. The study met the co-primary endpoints at Week 8, with a statistically significant proportion of patients achieving both Investigator s Global Assessment Treatment Success and EASI75, which is defined as a 75% or greater improvement in the Eczema Area Severity Index score from baseline. In addition, the study met all key secondary endpoints. Ruxolitinib cream was well tolerated with no new safety signals. At the end of 2025, a Type-II variation application for the treatment of adults with moderate AD was submitted in Europe and we anticipate a potential approval in the second half of 2026. Hidradenitis Suppurativa. In January 2024, we announced positive topline results from a randomized controlled Phase 2 study evaluating ruxolitinib cream in hidradenitis suppurativa ( HS ). Ruxolitinib 1.5% cream twice daily met the primary efficacy endpoint as measured by a change from baseline in abscess and nodule count at Week 16 versus placebo in patients with mild to moderate HS. Ruxolitinib cream was well tolerated and consistent with its known safety profile. In June 2025, two Phase 3 studies (TRuE-HS1 and TRuE-HS2) evaluating ruxolitinib cream in mild to moderate HS were initiated, with topline results anticipated in the fourth quarter of 2026. Prurigo Nodularis. In January 2026, we received FDA feedback indicating that an additional clinical study would be required to support registration in mild to moderate prurigo nodularis ( PN ). Based on this feedback we have decided to pause further development of ruxolitinib cream in PN at this time. 12 Table of Contents Povorcitinib Povorcitinib, an oral small molecule selective JAK1 inhibitor, is being evaluated for the treatment of HS, nonsegmental vitiligo, PN and asthma. Hidradenitis Suppurativa. In March 2025, we shared positive results from two Phase 3 studies (STOP-HS1 and STOP-HS2) evaluating povorcitinib in patients with moderate to severe HS. Both studies met their primary endpoint of Hidradenitis Suppurativa Clinical Response ( HiSCR ) at Week 12 and at both tested doses (45mg and 75mg). In addition, at Week 12, patients treated with povorcitinib achieved deep levels of clinical response with a greater proportion achieving HiSCR75, reduction in flares, and a greater than 3-point decrease in the Skin Pain NRS score and Skin Pain NRS30. Furthermore, povorcitinib demonstrated rapid onset of response, including rapid skin pain reduction . We submitted an MAA for povorcitinib to the EMA at the end of 2025 and we anticipate a potential approval by the end of 2026. The acceptance by the FDA of our NDA submission for povorcitinib in HS is anticipated in the first quarter of 2026, with potential approval by early 2027. Nonsegmental Vitiligo. In March and October 2023, we presented results from the Phase 2b clinical study evaluating povorcitinib in patients with extensive nonsegmental vitiligo. The results demonstrated that treatment with oral povorcitinib was associated with substantial total body and facial repigmentation, as measured by total Vitiligo Area Scoring Index. Based on these results, two Phase 3 studies (STOP-V1 and STOP-V2) evaluating povorcitinib in participants with extensive nonsegmental vitiligo ( 5% BSA) were initiated in late 2023. Data from the Phase 3 studies are anticipated by mid-2026. Prurigo Nodularis. In October 2023, we announced that the Phase 2, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, dose ranging study evaluating the efficacy and safety of povorcitinib in participants with PN had met its primary endpoint. In October 2024, following the positive Phase 2 results, two Phase 3 studies (STOP-PN1 and STOP-PN2) evaluating povorcitinib in patients with moderate to severe PN were initiated . Data from the Phase 3 studies are anticipated in the fourth quarter of 2026. Asthma. In July 2023, we initiated a Phase 2 study evaluating povorcitinib in patients with moderate to severe uncontrolled asthma. Proof-of-concept data from this study is anticipated in the second half of 2026 . INCB00928 (zilurgisertib) In May 2022, we initiated a Phase 2 trial evaluating zilurgisertib (INCB00928) in patients with fibrodysplasia ossificans progressiva ( FOP ), a disorder in which muscle tissue and connective tissue are gradually replaced by bone. The FDA has granted Fast Track designation and orphan drug designation to zilurgisertib as a treatment for patients with FOP. Collaborative Partnered Programs As described below under License Agreements and Business Relationships, we are eligible for milestone payments and royalties on certain products that we license to third parties. These include OLUMIANT (baricitinib), which is licensed to our collaborative partner Eli Lilly and Company ( Lilly ), and JAKAVI (ruxolitinib) and TABRECTA (capmatinib), which are licensed to Novartis. Baricitinib We have a second JAK1 and JAK2 inhibitor, baricitinib, which is subject to our collaboration agreement with Lilly, in which Lilly received exclusive worldwide development and commercialization rights to the compound for inflammatory and autoimmune diseases. 13 Table of Contents Rheumatoid Arthritis. Rheumatoid arthritis is an autoimmune disease characterized by aberrant or abnormal immune mechanisms that lead to joint inflammation and swelling and, in some patients, the progressive destruction of joints. In February 2017, the European Commission approved baricitinib as OLUMIANT for the treatment of moderate-to-severe rheumatoid arthritis in adult patients who have responded inadequately to, or who are intolerant to, one or more disease-modifying antirheumatic drugs. In July 2017, the MHLW granted marketing approval for OLUMIANT for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis (including the prevention of structural injury of joints) in patients with inadequate response to standard-of-care therapies. In June 2018, the FDA approved the 2mg dose of OLUMIANT for the treatment of adults with moderately-to-severely active rheumatoid arthritis who have had an inadequate response to one or more tumor necrosis factor inhibitor therapies. Atopic Dermatitis. In October 2020, the European Commission approved baricitinib as OLUMIANT for the treatment of moderate-to-severe AD in adult patients who are candidates for systemic therapy. In December 2020, baricitinib was approved by the MHLW for the treatment of patients with moderate-to-severe AD. Alopecia Areata . Alopecia areata is an autoimmune disorder in which the immune system attacks the hair follicles, causing hair loss in patches. In June 2022, the FDA approved 2mg and 4mg doses of OLUMIANT for the treatment of adults with severe alopecia areata, becoming the first and only systemic treatment in the indication. Also in June 2022, OLUMIANT was approved as a treatment for alopecia areata in Europe and Japan. COVID-19. In May 2020, we amended our agreement with Lilly to enable Lilly to commercialize baricitinib for the treatment of COVID-19. The FDA s Emergency Use Authorization provides for the use of baricitinib for the treatment of COVID-19 in hospitalized adults and pediatric patients two years of age or older requiring supplemental oxygen, non-invasive or invasive mechanical ventilation or extracorporeal membrane oxygenation ( ECMO ). In June 2022, the FDA approved baricitinib as OLUMIANT for the treatment of COVID-19 in hospitalized adults requiring supplemental oxygen, non-invasive or invasive mechanical ventilation or ECMO. Type 1 Diabetes . In October 2025, we amended our agreement with Lilly to enable Lilly to commercialize baricitinib for the treatment of Type 1 diabetes mellitus. Capmatinib Capmatinib is a potent and highly selective mesenchymal-epithelial-transition factor gene ( MET ) inhibitor. Under our agreement, Novartis received worldwide exclusive development and commercialization rights to capmatinib and certain back-up compounds in all indications. Capmatinib is being evaluated in patients with hepatocellular carcinoma, non-small cell lung cancer ( NSCLC ) and other solid tumors, and may have potential utility as a combination agent. In May 2020, the FDA approved capmatinib as TABRECTA for the treatment of adult patients with metastatic NSCLC whose tumors have a mutation that leads to MET exon 14 ( METex14 ) skipping as detected by an FDA-approved test. TABRECTA is the first and only treatment approved to specifically target NSCLC with this driver mutation and is approved for first-line and previously treated patients regardless of prior treatment type. In June 2020, the MHLW approved TABRECTA for METex14 mutation-positive advanced and/or recurrent unresectable NSCLC. In June 2022, the European Commission approved capmatinib as TABRECTA as a monotherapy treatment of adults with advanced NSCLC harboring alterations leading to METex14 skipping who require systemic therapy following prior treatment with immunotherapy and/or platinum-based chemotherapy. Ruxolitinib Graft-versus-host disease. In May 2022, the European Commission approved ruxolitinib as JAKAVI for the treatment of acute or chronic GVHD in patients aged 12 years and older who have an inadequate response to corticosteroids or other systemic therapies. In August 2023, Novartis announced that JAKAVI had been approved in Japan for use in GVHD after HSCT . 14 Table of Contents License Agreements and Business Relationships We establish business relationships, including collaborative arrangements with other companies and medical research institutions, to assist in the clinical development and/or commercialization of certain of our drugs and drug candidates and to provide support for our research programs. We also evaluate opportunities for acquiring products or rights to products and technologies that are complementary to our business from other companies and medical research institutions. Below is a brief description of our significant business relationships and collaborations and related license agreements that expand our pipeline and provide us with certain rights to existing and potential new products and technologies. Additional information regarding our collaboration agreements, including their financial and accounting impact on our business and results of operations, can be found in Note 5 and Note 7 of Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Out-License Agreements Novartis In November 2009, we entered into a Collaboration and License Agreement with Novartis. Under the terms of the agreement, Novartis received exclusive development and commercialization rights outside of the United States to ruxolitinib and certain back up compounds for hematologic and oncology indications, including all hematological malignancies, solid tumors and myeloproliferative diseases. We retained exclusive development and commercialization rights to JAKAFI (ruxolitinib) in the United States and in certain other indications. Novartis also received worldwide exclusive development and commercialization rights to our MET inhibitor compound capmatinib and certain back up compounds in all indications. We retained options to co-develop and to co-promote capmatinib in the United States. In April 2016, we amended this agreement to provide that Novartis has exclusive research, development and commercialization rights outside of the United States to ruxolitinib (excluding topical formulations) in the GVHD field. Lilly In December 2009, we entered into a License, Development and Commercialization Agreement with Lilly. Under the terms of the agreement, Lilly received exclusive worldwide development and commercialization rights to baricitinib and certain back up compounds for inflammatory and autoimmune diseases. In March 2016, we entered into an amendment to the agreement with Lilly that allows us to engage in the development and commercialization of ruxolitinib in the GVHD field. In May 2020, we amended our agreement with Lilly to enable Lilly to commercialize baricitinib for the treatment of COVID-19 and, in October 2025, we further amended the agreement to enable Lilly to commercialize baricitinib for the treatment of Type 1 diabetes mellitus. We received an upfront payment of $100.0 million in connection with the 2025 amendment, which amendment also restructured the royalty obligations on net sales of baricitinib, certain developmental and regulatory milestones associated with baricitinib, and the marketing and sales support obligations of Lilly. On baricitinib sales for any indication, we are now eligible to receive either a fixed royalty amount or tiered royalties based on a defined level of quarterly global net sales, with the tiered royalties up to a rate in the mid-teens. Additionally, for the treatment of COVID-19, we still receive a premium on royalties. In-License Agreements Syndax In September 2021, we entered into a Collaboration and License Agreement with Syndax covering the worldwide development and commercialization of NIKTIMVO (axatilimab-csfr), Syndax s anti-CSF-1R monoclonal antibody. Under the terms of this agreement, we received exclusive commercialization rights to axatilimab outside of the United States, and co-commercialization rights in the United States. Other Collaborators We have also entered into certain agreements with other collaboration partners for the rights to develop and commercialize other assets in our pipeline. 15 Table of Contents Incyte s Approach to Drug Discovery and Development Our productivity in drug discovery is driven by our core expertise in medicinal chemistry and biologics, which are closely integrated with, and supported by, an experienced team of chemists, biologists, biochemists, and pharmaceutical scientists across a range of scientific and therapeutic areas. Recently, the scope of these competencies has been expanded beyond small and large molecules to encompass degraders as well as bispecific and multispecific antibodies. To fulfill our mission of discovering and advancing novel therapeutics that address significant unmet medical needs, we have established comprehensive in-house discovery capabilities. These include target identification and validation, high-throughput screening, medicinal chemistry, protein sciences and technology, computational and AI-guided drug discovery, structural biology, pharmacology, translational sciences, drug metabolism and pharmacokinetics, bioanalysis, and toxicology assessment. We further enhance these capabilities through strategic collaborations with academic institutions, contract research organizations ( CROs ), and biotechnology companies with relevant expertise. Our pipeline has expanded through a discovery process centered around specific targets and pathways, with current emphasis on targeted oncology, myeloid diseases, and dermatology. We conduct a limited number of discovery programs in parallel at any one time. This focus allows us to allocate resources to our selected programs at a level that we believe is competitive with larger pharmaceutical companies. We resource our discovery efforts with the goals of maximizing information content when and where we need it and ensuring that each program, regardless of stage, is executed in the most efficient and data-rich manner possible. We believe this focused strategy has substantially contributed to the strength and progress of our discovery portfolio. Once our compounds reach clinical development, our objective is to rapidly advance the lead candidate into a proof-of-concept clinical trial. This allows us to evaluate both its therapeutic potential and underlying mechanism of action. To this end, the discovery team operates in concert with our global technical operations and development groups, whose areas of expertise include drug manufacturing, regulatory affairs, trial design, statistics, pharmacovigilance, project management, and medical affairs. These teams collaborate to assess clinical compound development opportunities, select optimal indication(s), and create plans for regulatory advancement, clinical trial management, and patient safety. Our organization works together with CROs, expert scientific advisory boards, and leading consultants with the objective of ensuring that our clinical trials are efficient, effective, and compliant with regulations. Incyte s Commercial Strategy Our strategy is to develop and commercialize compounds that we have internally discovered or have acquired rights to in the markets where we believe that we can successfully compete. We currently commercialize six compounds in the United States, three in Europe and one in Japan. These commercialized products are sold to specialty and retail pharmacies, specialty distributors and wholesalers in the United States in addition to retail pharmacies, hospital pharmacies, distributors and an exclusive wholesaler outside of the United States. We continue to expand our marketing, medical and operational infrastructure both within and outside the United States to support the commercial launch of recently approved products and to prepare for potential approval of other products. For certain compounds, we have established and may in the future establish collaborations or strategic relationships to support development and commercialization in certain territories or therapeutic areas where we do not have or do not want to build expertise. We believe the key benefits to entering into such strategic relationships include the potential to expedite the development and commercialization of certain of our compounds, as well as the opportunity to receive upfront payments and future milestones and royalties in exchange for certain rights to those compounds. Refer to the License Agreements and Business Relationships section above for information regarding our collaborations and strategic relationships. 16 Table of Contents Patents, Other Intellectual Property, and Product Exclusivity We regard the protection of patents and other enforceable intellectual property rights that we own or license as critical to our business and competitive position. Accordingly, we rely on patent, trademark, trade secret and copyright law, as well as nondisclosure and other contractual arrangements, to protect our intellectual property. We have established a patent portfolio of patents and patent applications owned or licensed by us that cover aspects of our drug products and drug candidates. Our policy is to pursue patent applications on inventions and discoveries that we believe are commercially important to the development and growth of our business. As a general matter, we endeavor to obtain patent term extensions ( PTEs ) in the United States and Japan, and other countries where available, and supplementary protection certificates ( SPCs ) in each European country, upon approval by the respective regulatory agency, if patent rights are granted in such country. The following table sets forth the year in which the basic exclusivity loss is currently estimated to occur in the United States, the European Union, and Japan for each of our approved drug products and for those compounds in our portfolio that have been submitted to regulatory authorities seeking approval or are in registration-directed clinical trials. We refer to the basic exclusivity loss as the Estimated Minimum Market Exclusivity Date, which is, unless otherwise indicated, the later of (i) the expiration date of the earliest anticipated expiring composition of matter patent rights, or (ii) the date of regulatory data protection ( RDP ) loss for such product or clinical candidate. There may be additional patents for our approved drug products that claim the drug product or a method of using it that are listed in the FDA s Approved Drug Products with Therapeutic Equivalence Evaluations (Orange Book) or for our unapproved clinical candidates that will be eligible to be listed in the Orange Book upon FDA approval. Therefore, the table below also identifies the expiration dates of certain additional patents that are Orange-Book listed for our approved drug products or that, for our unapproved clinical candidates, are eligible for Orange-Book listing upon product approval in the United States, as well as the expiration dates of certain related patents in the European Union, and Japan, which we refer to as the Additional Patents Expiry Dates. 17 Table of Contents Product/Drug Candidate 1,2 US EU Japan JAKAFI/JAKAVI (ruxolitinib) Estimated Minimum Market Exclusivity Dates 2028 2028 2028 Additional Patents Expiry Dates 3 2028 2028 2028 OPZELURA (ruxolitinib) cream Estimated Minimum Market Exclusivity Dates 2028 2028 2028 Additional Patents Expiry Dates 3,4 2028, 2031 2040 2028 2031 2028 2031 OLUMIANT (baricitinib) Estimated Minimum Market Exclusivity Dates 2032 5 2032 2034 Additional Patents Expiry Dates - - - TABRECTA (capmatinib) Estimated Minimum Market Exclusivity Dates 2032 5 2032 6 2032 Additional Patents Expiry Dates 2035 2037 2035 PEMAZYRE (pemigatinib) Estimated Minimum Market Exclusivity Dates 2035 2036 6 2036 Additional Patents Expiry Dates 2039 2040 - - ICLUSIG (ponatinib) Estimated Minimum Market Exclusivity Dates - 2028 - Additional Patents Expiry Dates - - - ZYNYZ (retifanlimab) 8 Estimated Minimum Market Exclusivity Dates 2036 2036 2036 MONJUVI (tafasitamab) 9 Estimated Minimum Market Exclusivity Dates 2033 5 2032 6 2027 NIKTIMVO (axatilimab) 10 Estimated Minimum Market Exclusivity Dates 2036 7 2034 2034 ruxolitinib XR Estimated Minimum Market Exclusivity Dates 2028 - - Additional Patents Expiry Dates 3,11 2028, 2033 2034 - - povorcitinib Estimated Minimum Market Exclusivity Dates 2034 2034 2034 Additional Patents Expiry Dates 2039 2039 2039 1. Estimated Minimum Market Exclusivity Dates are subject to the payment of maintenance fees, and include the period of PTE that has been granted by the respective regulatory agency, where applicable, or include the period of anticipated SPC term for approved products in the EU, where applicable, even though SPCs may remain pending in some countries, and also may include the period of granted or anticipated pediatric extensions even through applications for pediatric extension may remain pending in some countries. 2. For approved drug products in the US, the brand name for the US product is used, whereas for candidates that have not been approved in the US, the name of the active ingredient is used. The use of a brand name in the table does not indicate that the product has also been approved in any country outside of the US. Also, some products may be approved in one or more countries outside of the US under different brand names. 3. Ruxolitinib phosphate salt patents are issued in the US, the EU, and Japan with anticipated expiration dates of late-2028 in the US and mid-2028 in the EU and Japan. 4. Ruxolitinib cream formulation patents are issued in the US, the EU, and Japan with anticipated expiration dates of 2031 in each jurisdiction. Patents are also issued in the US for the treatments of atopic dermatitis and vitiligo with expiration dates of 2040. 5. Date reflects the grant of PTE in the US. 6. Date reflects the grant of SPC in the EU, although SPCs may remain pending in some countries. 7. Date reflects the RDP in the US due to product approval. 8. Retifanlimab licensed from MacroGenics, Inc. 9. Tafasitamab licensed from Xencor, Inc. 10. Axatilimab licensed from Syndax Therapeutics, Inc. 11. QD ruxolitinib formulation patents are issued in the US with anticipated expiration dates of 2033 and 2034. Patents extend for varying periods according to the date of patent filing or grant and the legal term of patents in the various countries where patent protection is obtained. The actual protection afforded by a patent, which can vary from country to country, depends on the type of patent, the scope of its coverage and the availability of legal remedies in the country. We may seek to license rights relating to technologies, drug candidates or drug products in connection with our drug discovery and development programs and commercialization activities. Under these licenses, such as our licenses from ARIAD/Takeda, Enable Injections, MacroGenics, Merus, Xencor and Syndax, we may be required to pay up-front fees, license fees, milestone payments and royalties on sales of future products. 18 Table of Contents Although we believe our rights under patents and patent applications provide a competitive advantage, the patent positions of pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies are highly uncertain and involve complex legal and factual questions. We may not be able to develop patentable products or processes and may not be able to obtain patents in the United States or elsewhere from pending applications. Even if patent claims are allowed, the claims may not issue, or in the event of issuance, may not be valid or enforceable or may not be sufficient to protect the technology owned by or licensed to us or provide us with a competitive advantage. Any patent or other intellectual property rights that we own or obtain may be circumvented, challenged or invalidated by our competitors. Others may have patents that relate to our business or technology, and that may prevent us from marketing our drug candidates unless we are able to obtain a license to those patents. In addition, litigation or other proceedings may be necessary to defend against claims of infringement, to enforce patents, to protect our other intellectual property rights, to determine the scope and validity of the proprietary rights of third parties, or to defend ourselves in patent or other intellectual property right suits brought by third parties. We could incur substantial costs in such litigation or other proceedings. An adverse outcome in any such litigation or proceeding could subject us to significant liability or increased competition. A discussion of certain risks and uncertainties that may affect our patents, regulatory exclusivities or other proprietary rights is set forth in Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Relating to Intellectual Property and Legal Matters, and the discussion of legal proceedings related to certain patents is set forth in Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Relating to Commercialization of Our Products Competition for our products could harm our business and result in a decrease in revenue. With respect to proprietary information that is not patentable, and for inventions for which patents are difficult to enforce, we rely on trade secret protection and confidentiality agreements to protect our interests. While, as a general matter, we seek to protect our interests by entering into confidentiality agreements with our employees, consultants and potential business partners, we may not be able to adequately protect our trade secrets or other proprietary information. Others may independently develop substantially equivalent proprietary information and techniques or otherwise gain access to our trade secrets. Competition Our drug discovery, development and commercialization activities face, and will continue to face, intense competition from organizations such as pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, as well as academic and research institutions and government agencies. We face significant competition from organizations, particularly fully integrated pharmaceutical companies, that are pursuing pharmaceuticals that are competitive with our drug products and our drug candidates. Many companies and institutions, either alone or together with their collaborative partners, have substantially greater financial resources, larger drug discovery, development and commercial staffs and significantly greater experience than we do in: drug discovery; developing products; undertaking preclinical testing and clinical trials; obtaining FDA and other regulatory approvals of products; and manufacturing, marketing, distributing and selling products. Accordingly, our competitors may succeed in obtaining patent protection, receiving FDA and other regulatory approval or commercializing products that compete with our drug products or our drug candidates. In addition, any drug candidate that we successfully develop may compete with existing therapies that have long histories of safe and effective use. Competition may also arise from: other drug development technologies and methods of preventing or reducing the incidence of disease; new compounds; or other classes of therapeutic agents. 19 Table of Contents We face and will continue to face intense competition from other companies for collaborative arrangements with pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, for establishing relationships with academic and research institutions and for licenses to drug candidates or proprietary technology. These competitors, either alone or with their collaborative partners, may succeed in developing products that are more effective or commercially successful than ours. Our ability to compete successfully will depend, in part, on our ability to: develop proprietary products; develop and maintain products that reach the market first, are technologically superior to and/or are of lower cost than other products in the market; execute our strategic plan and commercialize new assets; attract and retain scientific, product development and sales and marketing personnel; obtain patent or other proprietary protection for our products and technologies; obtain required regulatory approvals; and manufacture, market, distribute and sell any products that we develop. In a number of countries, including in particular developing countries, government officials and other groups have suggested that pharmaceutical companies should make drugs available at a low cost. In some cases, governmental authorities have indicated that where pharmaceutical companies do not do so, their patents might not be enforceable to prevent generic competition. Some major pharmaceutical companies have greatly reduced prices for their drugs in certain developing countries. If certain countries do not permit enforcement of any of our patents, sales of our products in those countries, and in other countries by importation from low-price countries, could be reduced by generic competition or by parallel importation of our product. Alternatively, governments in those countries could require that we grant compulsory licenses to allow competitors to manufacture and sell their own versions of our products in those countries, thereby reducing our product sales, or we could respond to governmental concerns by reducing prices for our products. In all of these situations, our results of operations could be adversely affected. Government Regulation Our ongoing research and development activities and any manufacturing and marketing of our approved drug products and our drug candidates are subject to extensive regulation by numerous governmental authorities in the United States and other countries. Before marketing in the United States, any drug developed by us must undergo rigorous preclinical testing, clinical trials, and an extensive regulatory clearance process implemented by the FDA under the United States Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act and its implementing regulations and, in the case of biologics, the Public Health Service Act. The FDA regulates, among other things, the research, development, testing, manufacture, safety, efficacy, record-keeping, labeling, storage, approval, advertising, promotion, sale and distribution and import and export, of these products. FDA Review and Approval Process The regulatory review and approval process is lengthy, expensive and uncertain. The steps generally required before a drug may be marketed in the United States include: preclinical laboratory tests, animal studies and formulation studies in compliance with the FDA s Good Laboratory Practice and Good Manufacturing Practice regulations; submission to the FDA of an Investigational New Drug application ( IND ) for human clinical testing, which must become effective before human clinical trials may commence; performance of adequate and well-controlled clinical trials in three phases, as described below, to establish the safety and efficacy of the drug for each indication; 20 Table of Contents submission of an NDA or Biologics License Application ( BLA ) to the FDA for review; random inspections of clinical sites to ensure validity of clinical safety and efficacy data; satisfactory completion of an FDA inspection of the manufacturing facility or facilities at which the drug is produced to assess compliance with current good manufacturing practices; FDA approval of the NDA or BLA; and payment of user and program fees, if applicable. Similar requirements exist within foreign agencies as well. The time required to satisfy FDA requirements or similar requirements of foreign regulatory agencies may vary substantially based on the type, complexity and novelty of the product or the targeted disease. Preclinical testing includes laboratory evaluation of product pharmacology, drug metabolism and toxicity, which includes animal studies, to assess potential safety and efficacy as well as product chemistry, stability, formulation, development, and testing. The results of the preclinical tests, together with manufacturing information and analytical data, are submitted to the FDA as part of an IND. An IND will automatically become effective 30 days after receipt by the FDA, unless before that time, the FDA raises safety concerns or questions about the conduct of the clinical trial(s) included in the IND. In the latter case, the IND sponsor and the FDA must resolve any outstanding FDA concerns or questions before clinical trials can proceed. We cannot be sure that submission of an IND will result in the FDA allowing clinical trials to commence. Clinical trials involve the administration of the investigational drug to human subjects under the supervision of qualified investigators and in accordance with Good Clinical Practice ( GCP ) regulations covering the protection of human subjects. These regulations require all research subjects to provide informed consent. Clinical trials are conducted under protocols detailing the objectives of the study, the parameters to be used in monitoring safety, and the effectiveness criteria to be evaluated. Each protocol must be submitted to the FDA as part of the IND and each trial must be reviewed and approved by an institutional review board ( IRB ) before it can begin. Clinical trials typically are conducted in three sequential phases, but the phases may overlap or be combined. Phase 1 usually involves the initial introduction of the investigational drug into healthy volunteers to evaluate its safety, dosage tolerance, absorption, metabolism, distribution and excretion. Phase 2 usually involves clinical trials in a limited patient population to evaluate dosage tolerance and optimal dosage, identify possible adverse effects and safety risks, and evaluate and gain preliminary evidence of the efficacy of the drug for specific indications. Phase 3 clinical trials usually further evaluate clinical efficacy and safety by testing the drug in its final form in an expanded patient population, providing statistical evidence of efficacy and safety, and providing an adequate basis for labeling. We cannot guarantee that Phase 1, Phase 2 or Phase 3 testing will be completed successfully within any specified period of time, if at all. Furthermore, we, the IRB, or the FDA may suspend clinical trials at any time on various grounds, including a finding that the subjects or patients are being exposed to an unacceptable health risk. As a separate amendment to an IND, a clinical trial sponsor may submit to the FDA a request for a Special Protocol Assessment ( SPA ). Under the SPA procedure, a sponsor may seek the FDA s agreement on the design and size of a clinical trial intended to form the primary basis of an effectiveness claim. If the FDA agrees in writing, its agreement may not be changed after the trial begins except in limited circumstances, such as when a substantial scientific issue essential to determining the safety and effectiveness of a drug candidate is identified after a Phase 3 clinical trial is commenced and agreement is obtained with the FDA. If the outcome of the trial is successful, the sponsor will ordinarily be able to rely on it as the primary basis for approval with respect to effectiveness. However, additional trials could also be requested by the FDA to support approval, and the FDA may make an approval decision based on a number of factors, including the degree of clinical benefit as well as safety. The FDA is not obligated to approve an NDA or BLA as a result of an SPA agreement, even if the clinical outcome is positive. 21 Table of Contents Even after initial FDA approval has been obtained, post-approval trials, or Phase 4 studies, may be required to provide additional data, and will be required to obtain approval for the sale of a product as a treatment for a clinical indication other than that for which the product was initially tested and approved. Also, the FDA will require post-approval safety reporting to monitor the side effects of the drug. Results of post-approval programs may limit or expand the indication or indications for which the drug product may be marketed. Further, if there are any requests for modifications to the initial FDA approval for the drug, including changes in indication, manufacturing process, manufacturing facilities, or labeling, a supplemental NDA or BLA may be required to be submitted to the FDA. The length of time and related costs necessary to complete clinical trials varies significantly and may be difficult to predict. Clinical results are frequently susceptible to varying interpretations that may delay, limit or prevent regulatory approvals. Additional factors that can cause delay or termination of our clinical trials, or cause the costs of these clinical trials to increase, include: slow patient enrollment due to the nature of the protocol, the proximity of patients to clinical sites, the eligibility criteria for the study, competition with clinical trials for other drug candidates or other factors; inadequately trained or insufficient personnel at the study site to assist in overseeing and monitoring clinical trials; delays in approvals from a study site s IRB; longer than anticipated treatment time required to demonstrate effectiveness or determine the appropriate product dose; lack of sufficient supplies of the drug candidate for use in clinical trials; adverse medical events or side effects in treated patients; and lack of effectiveness of the drug candidate being tested. Any drug is likely to produce some toxicities or undesirable side effects in animals and in humans when administered at sufficiently high doses and/or for sufficiently long periods of time. Unacceptable toxicities or side effects may occur at any dose level, and at any time in the course of animal studies designed to identify unacceptable effects of a drug candidate, known as toxicological studies, or in clinical trials of our drug candidates. The appearance of any unacceptable toxicity or side effect could cause us or regulatory authorities to interrupt, limit, delay or abort the development of any of our drug candidates, and could ultimately prevent their marketing approval by the FDA or foreign regulatory authorities for any or all targeted indications. The FDA s fast track, breakthrough therapy, accelerated approval, priority review designation and priority voucher programs are intended to facilitate the development and/or expedite the review and approval of drug candidates intended for the treatment of serious or life-threatening conditions and that demonstrate the potential to address unmet medical needs for these conditions. Under these programs, FDA can, for example, review portions of an NDA or BLA for a drug candidate before the entire application is complete, thus potentially beginning the review process at an earlier time. The FDA, however, can mandate, and has mandated, post-approval requirements that could include lengthy and extensive confirmatory clinical trials. The FDA has recently increased its focus on accelerated approvals for oncology drugs and the confirmatory trials required for those drugs. We cannot guarantee that the FDA will grant any of our requests for any of these expedited program designations, that any such designations would affect the time of review or that the FDA will approve the NDA or BLA submitted for any of our drug candidates, whether or not these designations are granted. Additionally, FDA approval of a product can include restrictions on the product s use or distribution (such as permitting use only for specified medical conditions or limiting distribution to physicians or facilities with special training or experience). Approval of such designated products can be conditioned on additional clinical trials after approval. 22 Table of Contents Sponsors submit the results of preclinical studies and clinical trials to the FDA as part of an NDA or BLA. NDAs and BLAs must also contain extensive product manufacturing information and proposed labeling. Upon receipt, the FDA initially reviews the NDA or BLA to determine whether it is sufficiently complete to initiate a substantive review. If the FDA identifies deficiencies that would preclude substantive review, the FDA will refuse to accept the NDA or BLA and will inform the sponsor of the deficiencies that must be corrected prior to resubmission. If the FDA accepts the submission for review (then deemed a filing ), the FDA typically completes the NDA or BLA review within a pre-determined time frame. Under the Prescription Drug User Fee Act, the FDA agrees to review NDAs and BLAs under either a standard review or priority review. FDA procedures provide for priority review of NDAs and BLAs submitted for drugs that, compared to currently marketed products, if any, offer a significant improvement in the treatment, diagnosis or prevention of a disease. The FDA seeks to review NDAs and BLAs that are granted priority status more quickly than NDAs and BLAs given standard review status. The FDA s stated policy is to act on 90% of priority NDAs and BLAs within eight months of receipt (or six months after filing, which occurs within 60 days after NDA or BLA submission). Although the FDA historically has not met these goals, the agency has made significant improvements in the timeliness of the review process. NDA and BLA review often extends beyond anticipated completion dates due to FDA requests for additional data or clarification, the submission of a major amendment by the sponsor, the FDA s decision to have an advisory committee review, and difficulties in scheduling an advisory committee meeting. The recommendations of an advisory committee are not binding on the FDA. To obtain FDA approval to market a product, we must demonstrate that the product is safe and effective for the patient population that will be treated. If regulatory approval of a product is granted, the approval will be limited to those disease states and conditions for which the product is safe and effective, as demonstrated through clinical trials. Marketing or promoting a drug for an unapproved indication is prohibited. Furthermore, approval may entail requirements for post-marketing studies or risk evaluation and mitigation strategies, including the need for patient and/or physician education, patient registries, medication or similar guides, or other restrictions on the distribution of the product. If an NDA or BLA does not satisfy applicable regulatory criteria, the FDA may deny approval of an NDA or BLA or may issue a complete response, and require, among other things, additional clinical data or analyses. The Orphan Drug Act provides incentives to manufacturers to develop and market drugs for rare diseases and conditions affecting fewer than 200,000 persons in the United States at the time of application for orphan drug designation or conditions affecting 200,000 or more people in the United States where the disease or condition occurs so infrequently that there is no reasonable expectation that the costs of drug development and marketing will be recovered in future sales of the drug in the United States. The first developer to receive FDA marketing approval for an orphan drug is entitled to a seven year exclusive marketing period in the United States for the orphan drug indication. However, a drug that the FDA considers to be clinically superior to, or different from, another approved orphan drug, even though for the same indication, may also obtain approval in the United States during the seven year exclusive marketing period. Regulation of Manufacturing Process Even when NDA or BLA approval is obtained, a marketed product, its manufacturer and its manufacturing facilities are subject to continual review and periodic inspections by the FDA. The manufacturing process for pharmaceutical products is highly regulated and regulators may shut down manufacturing facilities that they believe do not comply with regulations. Discovery of previously unknown problems with a product, manufacturer or facility may result in restrictions on the product, manufacturer or facility, including recalls or withdrawal of the product from the market. Manufacturing facilities are always subject to inspection by the applicable regulatory authorities. We and our third-party manufacturers are subject to current Good Manufacturing Practices ( cGMP s ) which are extensive regulations governing manufacturing processes and controls, including but not limited to release and stability testing, record keeping and quality standards as defined by the FDA in 21 CFR, parts 210 and 211, the International Council for Harmonisation of Technical Requirements for Pharmaceuticals for Human Use and the EMA. Similar regulations are in effect in other countries. Manufacturing facilities are subject to inspection by the applicable regulatory authorities and are subject to manufacturing licenses where applicable. These facilities, whether our own or our contract manufacturers, may be inspected before we can use them in commercial manufacturing of our related products. We or our contract manufacturers must be able to comply with all applicable cGMP s and FDA or other regulatory requirements. If we or our contract manufacturers fail to comply, we or our contract manufacturers may be subject to legal or regulatory action, such as suspension of manufacturing license(s), seizure of product, or voluntary recall of product. Furthermore, continued compliance with applicable cGMP s will require continual expenditure of time, money and effort on the part of the Company or our contract manufacturers in the areas of production and quality control and record keeping and reporting, in order to ensure full compliance. 23 Table of Contents Post-Approval Regulation Any products manufactured or distributed by the Company pursuant to FDA approvals are subject to pervasive and continuing regulation by the FDA, including record-keeping requirements, reporting of adverse experiences with the drug and other reporting, advertising and promotion restrictions. The FDA s rules for advertising and promotion require, among other things, that our promotion be fairly balanced and adequately substantiated by clinical studies, and that we do not promote our products for unapproved uses. We must also submit appropriate new and supplemental applications and obtain FDA approval for certain changes to the approved product, product labeling or manufacturing process or controls. On its own initiative, the FDA may require changes to the labeling of an approved drug if it becomes aware of new safety information that the agency believes should be included in the approved drug s labeling. The FDA also enforces the requirements of the Prescription Drug Marketing Act ( PDMA ), which, among other things, imposes various requirements in connection with the distribution of product samples to physicians. In addition to inspections related to manufacturing, we are subject to periodic unannounced inspections by the FDA and other regulatory bodies related to the other regulatory requirements that apply to marketed drugs manufactured or distributed by us. The FDA also may conduct periodic inspections regarding our review and reporting of adverse events, or those related to compliance with the requirements of the PDMA concerning the handling of drug samples. When the FDA conducts an inspection, the inspectors may identify any deficiencies they believe exist in the form of a notice of inspectional observations. The observations may be more or less significant. If we receive a notice of inspectional observations, we likely will be required to respond in writing, and may be required to undertake corrective and preventive actions in order to address the FDA s concerns. There are a variety of state laws and regulations that apply in the states or localities where our approved products and drug candidates are or may be marketed. For example, we must comply with state laws that require the registration of manufacturers and wholesale distributors of pharmaceutical products in that state, including, in certain states, manufacturers and distributors who ship products into the state even if such manufacturers or distributors have no place of business within the state. Some states also impose requirements on manufacturers and distributors to establish the pedigree of product in the chain of distribution, including some states that require manufacturers and others to adopt new technology capable of tracking and tracing product as it moves through the distribution chain. Any applicable state or local regulations may hinder our ability to market, or increase the cost of marketing, our products in those states or localities. The FDA s policies may change and additional government regulations may be enacted that could impose additional burdens or limitations on our ability to market products after approval. Moreover, increased attention to the containment of healthcare costs in the United States and in foreign markets could result in new government regulations which could have a material adverse effect on our business. We cannot predict the likelihood, nature or extent of adverse governmental regulation which might arise from future legislative or administrative action, either in the United States or abroad. Marketing Exclusivity The FDA may grant five years of exclusivity in the United States for the approval of NDAs for new chemical entities, and three years of exclusivity for supplemental NDAs, for, among other things, new indications, dosages or dosage forms of an existing drug, if new clinical investigations that were conducted or sponsored by the applicant are essential to the approval of the supplemental application. Additionally, six months of marketing exclusivity in the United States is available if, in response to a written request from the FDA, a sponsor submits and the agency accepts requested information relating to the use of the approved drug in the pediatric population. The six month pediatric exclusivity is added to any existing patent or non-patent exclusivity period for which the drug is eligible. Orphan drug products are also eligible for pediatric exclusivity if the FDA requests and the company completes pediatric clinical trials. Under the Biologics Price Competition and Innovation Act, the FDA may grant 12 years of data exclusivity for innovative biological products. 24 Table of Contents Foreign Regulation Outside the United States, our ability to market a product is contingent upon receiving a marketing authorization from the appropriate regulatory authorities in specific regions or countries. The requirements governing the conduct of clinical trials, marketing authorization, pricing and reimbursement vary widely from country to country. At present, foreign marketing authorizations are applied for at a national level, although within the European Union ( EU ) regional registration procedures are available to companies wishing to market a product in more than one EU member state. If the competent regulatory authority is satisfied that adequate evidence of safety, quality and efficacy has been presented, a marketing authorization may be granted. This foreign regulatory approval process involves all of the risks associated with FDA approval discussed above and may also include additional risks. Whether or not we obtain FDA approval for a product, we must obtain the requisite approvals from regulatory authorities in non-U.S. countries prior to the commencement of clinical trials or marketing of the product in those countries. Certain countries outside of the United States have a process that requires the submission of a clinical trial application ( CTA ) much like an IND prior to the commencement of human clinical trials. In the EU, a CTA must be submitted for each trial to the competent health authority and to independent ethics committees by national procedure for a single country trial or by EMA submission portal CTIS for a multinational study. Once the CTA is approved in accordance with the requirements in the concerned countries, clinical trial development may proceed in those countries and are conducted in accordance with GCP and other applicable regulatory requirements. To obtain regulatory approval of an investigational drug under EU regulatory systems, we must submit a marketing authorization application ( MAA ). This application is similar to the NDA or BLA in the United States, with the exception of, among other things, regional and/or country-specific document requirements. Drugs can be authorized in the EU by using the centralized, mutual recognition, decentralized or national authorization procedures described below. The EMA implemented the centralized procedure for the approval of human drugs to facilitate marketing authorizations that are valid throughout the EU. This procedure results in a single marketing authorization granted by the European Commission that is valid across the EU. Under the centralized procedure, the maximum timeframe for the evaluation of a marketing authorization application by the EMA is 210 days (excluding clock stops, when additional written or oral information is to be provided by the applicant in response to questions asked by the CHMP). A positive opinion on the MAA by the CHMP then needs to be endorsed by the European Commission within approximately 67 days. Accelerated assessment might be granted by the CHMP in exceptional cases, in which case the EMA ensures that the evaluation for the opinion of the CHMP is completed within 150 days (excluding clock stops) and the opinion issued thereafter. The mutual recognition procedure ( MRP ) for the approval of human drugs is an alternative approach to facilitate individual national marketing authorizations within the EU. The MRP may be applied for all human drugs for which the centralized procedure is not obligatory. The MRP is based on the principle of the mutual recognition by EU member states of their respective national marketing authorizations. Based on a marketing authorization in the reference member state, the applicant may apply for marketing authorizations in other member states. In such case, the reference member state shall update its existing assessment report about the drug. After the assessment is completed, copies of the report are sent to all member states, together with the approved summary of product characteristics, labeling and package leaflet. The concerned member states then recognize the decision of the reference member state and the summary of product characteristics, labeling and package leaflet. National marketing authorizations shall be granted within 30 days after acknowledgement of the agreement. Should any member state refuse to recognize the marketing authorization by the reference member state, the member states shall make all efforts to reach a consensus. If this fails, the procedure is submitted to an EMA scientific committee for arbitration. The opinion of this EMA committee is then forwarded to the European Commission, for the start of the decision making process. As in the centralized procedure, this process entails consulting various European Commission Directorates General and the Standing Committee on Human Medicinal Products or Veterinary Medicinal Products, as appropriate. Legislation similar to the Orphan Drug Act has been enacted in other jurisdictions outside of the United States, including the EU. The orphan legislation in the EU is available for therapies addressing conditions that affect five or fewer out of 10,000 persons, are life-threatening or chronically debilitating conditions and for which no satisfactory treatment is authorized. The market exclusivity period is for ten years, although that period can be reduced to six years if, at the end of the fifth year, available evidence establishes that the product does not justify maintenance of market exclusivity. 25 Table of Contents For other countries outside of the EU, such as the United Kingdom, Switzerland, the non-EU countries in Eastern Europe, the Middle-East, Latin America, Japan or other countries in Asia, the requirements governing the conduct of clinical trials, product licensing, pricing and reimbursement vary. In all cases, the clinical trials are conducted in accordance with GCP and the other applicable regulatory requirements. If we fail to comply with applicable foreign regulatory requirements, we may be subject to, among other things, fines, suspension of clinical trials, suspension or withdrawal of regulatory approvals, product recalls, seizure of products, operating restrictions and criminal prosecution. Manufacturing For our small molecule products, our manufacturing strategy is to contract with third parties to manufacture the raw materials, our active pharmaceutical ingredients ( API ) and finished dosage form for clinical and commercial uses. We currently do not operate manufacturing facilities for clinical or commercial production of JAKAFI, ICLUSIG, PEMAZYRE and OPZELURA. As such, we expect to continue to rely on third parties for the manufacture of commercial supplies of the raw materials, API and finished drug product for drugs that we successfully develop and are approved for commercial sale. In this manner, we continue to build and maintain our supply chain and quality assurance resources. For our large molecule products, our manufacturing strategy is a combination of contracts with third parties and internal manufacturing for clinical and commercial uses. Currently, our approved large molecule products are MONJUVI/MINJUVI, ZYNYZ and NIKTIMVO. In July 2018, we purchased land located in Yverdon, Switzerland for construction of a large molecule production facility to manufacture biologic drug substances for our drug candidates. Construction activity commenced in July 2018, and in June 2022 Swissmedic authorities granted the GMP drug manufacturing license for this facility. The Yverdon facility started to manufacture MONJUVI/MINJUVI drug substance during the fourth quarter of 2022. The drug substance is usable in patients after regulatory approval, which was granted in the fourth quarter of 2023 for the European market and the third quarter of 2025 for the United States. Manufacturing of our Products Our supply chain for manufacturing raw materials, API and drug product ready for distribution and commercialization is a multi-step international process. Establishing and managing the supply chain requires a significant financial commitment and the creation and maintenance of numerous third-party contractual relationships. For our small molecule products, we contract with third parties to manufacture JAKAFI, ICLUSIG, PEMAZYRE, OPZELURA and our drug candidates for clinical and commercial purposes. Third-party manufacturers supply raw materials, and other third-party manufacturers convert these raw materials into API or convert the API into final dosage form. For most of our drug candidates, once our raw materials are produced, we rely on one third-party to manufacture the API, another to make finished drug product and a third to package and label the finished product. We generally have a single source or a limited number of suppliers that are qualified to supply each of the API and finished product of our drug products and our other drug candidates. For ruxolitinib phosphate, the API for JAKAFI and OPZELURA, we have three qualified third-party contract manufacturers from which we can source drug substance. We also rely on third-party contract manufacturers to tablet or capsulate all of our active pharmaceutical ingredients for clinical and commercial uses. For JAKAFI and ICLUSIG, we have two qualified third-party manufacturers from which we can source commercial drug product. Secondary packaging of ICLUSIG is performed by a qualified third-party manufacturer. Primary packaged product for ICLUSIG can be used for clinical and commercial purposes. For PEMAZYRE, we have one qualified third-party manufacturer from which we can source commercial drug product. For OPZELURA, we have two qualified third-party manufacturers from which we can source commercial drug product for the United States market, and one qualified third-party manufacturer from which we can source commercial drug product for markets outside of the United States. For our large molecule products, tafasitamab, the API for MONJUVI/MINJUVI has three qualified manufacturers. For the other biological products retifanlimab and axatilimab, the API for ZYNYZ and NIKTIMVO respectively, we have one qualified third-party contract manufacturer per API from which we can source drug substance. For the commercial drug product manufacturing, MONJUVI/MINJUVI has two active qualified third-party manufacturers, and ZYNYZ and NIKTIMVO both have one. 26 Table of Contents We may not be able to obtain sufficient quantities of any of our raw materials, drug candidates, API, or finished goods if our designated manufacturers do not have the capacity or capability to manufacture our products according to our schedule and specifications. If any of these single source suppliers were to become unable or unwilling to supply us with API or finished product that complies with applicable regulatory requirements, we could incur significant delays in our clinical trials or interruption of commercial supply which could have a material adverse effect on our business. We have established a quality assurance program intended to ensure that our third-party manufacturers and service providers produce materials and provide services, as applicable, in accordance with the FDA and EMA s current Good Manufacturing Practices and other applicable regulations. Our quality assurance program extends to our licensed facilities that oversee the manufacturing and distribution activities. For our future products, we intend to continue to establish third-party suppliers to manufacture sufficient quantities of our drug candidates to undertake clinical trials and to manufacture sufficient quantities of any product that is approved for commercial sale. If we are unable to contract for large scale manufacturing with third parties on acceptable terms for our future products or develop manufacturing capabilities internally, our ability to conduct large scale clinical trials and meet customer demand for commercial products will be adversely affected. Third-party Manufacturers Our third-party manufacturers are independent entities, under contract with us, who are subject to their own unique operational and financial risks which are out of our control. If we or any of our third-party manufacturers fail to perform as required, this could impair our ability to deliver our products on a timely basis or cause delays in our clinical trials and applications for regulatory approval. To 