=== LYB_2026-02-20.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors. You should carefully consider the following risk factors in addition to the other information included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Each of these risk factors could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition, as well as adversely affect the value of an investment in our common stock. Risks Related to our Business and Industry The cyclicality and volatility of the industries in which we participate may cause significant fluctuations in our operating results. Our business operations are subject to the cyclical and volatile nature of the supply-demand balance in the chemical industry. Our future operating results are expected to continue to be affected by this cyclicality and volatility. The chemical industry historically has experienced alternating periods of capacity shortages, causing prices and profit margins to increase, followed by periods of excess capacity, resulting in oversupply, declining capacity utilization rates and declining prices and profit margins. In addition to changes in the supply and demand for products, changes in energy prices and other worldwide economic conditions can cause volatility. These factors result in significant fluctuations in profits and cash flow from period to period and over business cycles. New capacity additions around the world have led to periods of oversupply and lower profitability. The timing and extent of any changes to currently prevailing market conditions are uncertain and supply and demand may be unbalanced at any time. As a consequence, we are unable to accurately predict the extent or duration of future industry cycles or their effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. A sustained decrease in the price of crude oil may adversely impact the results of our operations, primarily in North America. Energy costs generally follow price trends of crude oil and natural gas. These price trends may be highly volatile and cyclical. In the past, raw material and energy costs have experienced significant fluctuations that adversely affected our business segments’ results of operations. For example, we have benefited from the favorable ratio of U.S. crude oil prices to natural gas prices in the past. If the price of crude oil remains lower relative to U.S. natural gas prices or if the demand for natural gas and NGLs increases, this may have a negative impact on our results of operations. Costs and limitations on supply of raw materials and energy may result in increased operating expenses. The costs of raw materials and energy represent a substantial portion of our operating expenses. Due to the significant competition we face and the commodity nature of many of our products, we are not always able to pass on raw material and energy cost increases to our customers. When we do have the ability to pass on the cost increases, we are not always able to do so quickly enough to avoid adverse impacts on our results of operations. 18 Table of Contents Cost increases for raw materials, energy, or broad-based price inflation also increase working capital needs, which could reduce our liquidity and cash flow. Even if we are able to increase our sales prices to reflect these increases, demand for products may decrease as consumers and customers reduce their consumption or use substitute products, which may have an adverse impact on our results of operations. In addition, producers in natural gas cost-advantaged regions, such as the Middle East and North America, benefit from the lower prices of natural gas and NGLs. Competition from producers in these regions may cause us to reduce exports from Europe and elsewhere. Any such reductions may increase competition for product sales within Europe and other markets, which can result in lower margins in those regions. For some of our raw materials and utilities there are a limited number of suppliers, and in some cases, the supplies are specific to the particular geographic region in which a facility is located. It is also common in the chemical industry for a facility to have a sole, dedicated source for its utilities, such as steam, electricity and gas. Having a sole or limited number of suppliers may limit our negotiating power, particularly in the case of rising raw material costs. Any new supply agreements we enter into may not have terms as favorable as those contained in our current supply agreements. The reliance on single or limited suppliers heightens our vulnerability to supply chain interruptions, and the closure of such a supplier could cause us to be unable to profitably operate our assets. Additionally, there is concern over the reliability of water sources, including around the U.S. Gulf Coast where several of our facilities are located. The decreased availability or less favorable pricing for water as a result of population growth, drought or regulation could negatively impact our operations, including by impacting our ability to produce or transport our products. If our raw material or utility supplies were disrupted, our businesses would likely incur increased costs to procure alternative supplies or incur excessive downtime, which would have a negative impact on plant operations. Disruptions of supplies may occur as a result of transportation issues resulting from natural disasters, water levels, and interruptions in marine water routes, among other causes, which can affect the operations of vessels, barges, rails, trucks and pipeline traffic. These risks are particularly prevalent in the U.S. Gulf Coast area. Additionally, increasing exports of NGLs and crude oil from the U.S. or greater restrictions on hydraulic fracturing could restrict the availability of our raw materials, thereby increasing our costs. With increased volatility in raw material costs, our suppliers could impose more onerous terms on us, resulting in shorter payment cycles and increasing our working capital requirements. Our ability to source raw materials or deliver products may be adversely affected by political instability, civil disturbances or other governmental actions. We obtain a portion of our principal raw materials from sources in the Middle East and Central and South America that may be less politically stable than other areas in which we conduct business. Political instability, civil disturbances and actions by governments in these areas are more likely to substantially increase the price and decrease the supply of raw materials necessary for our operations or impair our ability to deliver products to customers, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. Incidents of civil unrest, including terrorist attacks and demonstrations that have been marked by violence, have occurred in a number of countries, including in the Middle East and South America. Some political regimes in these countries are threatened or have changed as a result of such unrest. Political instability and civil unrest could continue to spread in the region and involve other areas. Such unrest, if it continues to spread or grow in intensity, could lead to civil wars, regional conflicts or regime changes resulting in governments that are hostile to countries in which we conduct substantial business, such as in the U.S., Europe or their respective trading partners. 19 Table of Contents Our business is capital intensive and we rely on cash generated from operations and external financing to fund our growth, dividends, and ongoing capital needs. Limitations on access to external financing could adversely affect our operating results. We require significant capital to operate our current business and fund our dividends, share repurchases, and growth strategy. Moreover, interest payments, dividends, capital requirements of our joint ventures, the expansion of our current business or other business opportunities may require significant amounts of capital. If we need external financing, our access to credit markets and pricing of our capital is dependent upon our credit ratings and the state of the capital markets generally. There can be no assurances that we would be able to incur indebtedness on terms we deem acceptable, and it is possible that the cost of any financings could increase significantly, thereby increasing our expenses and decreasing our net income. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow or raise adequate external financing, including as a result of significant disruptions in the global credit markets, we could be forced to restrict our operations, lower or suspend our dividends or reduce share repurchases, and not pursue growth opportunities, which could adversely affect our operating results and shareholder returns. We may use our $3,750 million revolving credit facility, which backs our commercial paper program, to meet our cash needs, to the extent available. As of December 31, 2025, we had no borrowings or letters of credit outstanding under the facility and no borrowings outstanding under our commercial paper program, leaving an unused and available credit capacity of $3,750 million. We may also meet our cash needs by selling receivables under our $900 million U.S. Receivables Facility. As of December 31, 2025, we had no borrowing or letters of credit outstanding and availability of $900 million under this facility. In the event of a default under our credit facilities or any of our notes, we could be required to immediately repay all outstanding borrowings and make cash deposits as collateral for all obligations the facility supports, which we may not be able to do. Any default under any of our credit arrangements could cause a default under many of our other credit agreements and debt instruments. Without waivers from lenders party to those agreements, any such default could have a material adverse effect on our ability to continue to operate. Risks Related to our Operations Our operations are subject to risks inherent in the chemical industry, and we could be subject to liabilities for which we are not fully insured or that are not otherwise mitigated. We maintain property, business interruption, product, general liability, casualty and other types of insurance that we believe are appropriate for our business and operations as well as in line with industry practices. However, we are not fully insured against all potential hazards incident to our business, including losses resulting from natural disasters or climate-related exposures, wars, terrorist acts, or cybersecurity incidents. Changes in insurance market conditions have caused, and may in the future cause, premiums and deductibles for certain insurance policies to increase substantially and, in some instances, for certain insurance to become unavailable or available only for reduced amounts of coverage. If we were to incur a significant liability for which we were not fully insured, we might not be able to finance the amount of the uninsured liability on terms acceptable to us, or at all, and might be obligated to divert a significant portion of our cash flow from normal business operations. Our business, including our results of operations and reputation, could be adversely affected by safety or product liability issues. Failure to appropriately manage occupational safety, process safety, product safety, human health, product liability and environmental risks inherent in the chemical business and associated with our products, product life cycles and production processes could result in unexpected incidents including releases, fires, or explosions resulting in personal injury, loss of life, environmental damage, loss of revenue, legal liability, and/or operational disruption. Public perception of the risks associated with our products and production processes could impact product acceptance and influence the regulatory environment in which we operate. While we have management systems, procedures and controls to manage these risks, issues could be created by events outside of our control, including natural disasters, severe weather events and acts of sabotage. 20 Table of Contents Further, because a part of our business involves licensing polyolefin process technology, our licensees are exposed to similar risks involved in the manufacture and marketing of polyolefins. Hazardous incidents involving our licensees, if they do result or are perceived to result from use of our technologies, may harm our reputation, threaten our relationships with other licensees and/or lead to customer attrition and financial losses. Our policy of covering these risks through contractual limitations of liability and indemnities and through insurance may not always be effective. As a result, our financial condition and results of operation would be adversely affected, and other companies with competing technologies may have the opportunity to secure a competitive advantage. Interruptions of operations at our facilities may result in increased liabilities or lower operating results. We own and operate large-scale facilities. Our operating results are dependent on the continued operation of our various production facilities and the ability to complete construction and maintenance projects on schedule. Interruptions at our facilities may materially reduce the productivity and profitability of a particular manufacturing facility, or our business as a whole, during and after the period of such operational difficulties. In recent years, we have had to temporarily shut down plants on the U.S. Gulf Coast as a result of various hurricanes and cold weather events impacting Texas and Louisiana. Our operations are subject to hazards inherent in chemical manufacturing and the related storage and transportation of raw materials, products and wastes. These potential hazards include: • pipeline leaks and ruptures; • explosions; • fires; • severe weather and natural disasters; • mechanical failure; • unscheduled downtimes; • supplier disruptions; • labor shortages or other labor difficulties; • transportation interruptions; • regulatory limitations on operations; • remediation complications; • increased restrictions on, or the unavailability of, water for use at our manufacturing sites or for the transport of our products or raw materials; • chemical and oil spills; • discharges or releases of toxic or hazardous substances or gases; • shipment of incorrect or off-specification product to customers; • storage tank leaks; • other environmental risks; and • cyber-attack or other terrorist acts. Some of these hazards may cause severe damage to or destruction of property and equipment, personal injury, loss of life, environmental damage, legal liability resulting from government action or litigation, loss of revenue, suspension of operations or the shutdown of affected facilities. 21 Table of Contents Large capital projects can take many years to complete, and market conditions could deteriorate significantly between the project approval date and the project startup date, negatively impacting project returns. If we are unable to complete capital projects at their expected costs and in a timely manner, or if the market conditions assumed in our project economics deteriorate, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. Delays or cost increases related to capital spending programs involving engineering, procurement and construction of facilities could materially adversely affect our ability to achieve forecasted internal rates of return and operating results, or impair our ability to meet our sustainability or other targets or goals. For example, higher costs arising from delaying construction of our PO/TBA plant in Houston impacted our projected rate of return on the project. We are currently constructing our first commercial-scale chemical recycling facility using our MoReTec technology, located at our site in Wesseling, Germany. Building a commercial-scale facility utilizing a new technology can face technical and other challenges resulting in increased costs. In 2025, we announced the deferral of construction on our Flex-2 project in Channelview to preserve capital during the market downturn and also postponed the final investment decision on certain projects, such as MoReTec -2, which could result in increased costs. Delays in making required changes or upgrades to our facilities could subject us to fines or penalties as well as affect our ability to contract with our customers and supply certain products we produce. Such delays or cost increases may arise as a result of unpredictable factors, many of which are beyond our control, including: • denial of or delay in receiving requisite regulatory approvals and/or permits; • unplanned increases in the cost of construction materials, including due to tariffs; • unplanned increases in labor costs; • disruptions in transportation of components or construction materials; • adverse weather conditions, natural disasters or other events (such as equipment malfunctions, explosions, fires or spills) affecting our facilities, or those of vendors or suppliers; • shortages of sufficiently skilled labor, or labor disagreements resulting in unplanned work stoppages; and • nonperformance by, or disputes with, vendors, suppliers, contractors or subcontractors. Any one or more of these factors could have a significant impact on our ongoing capital projects. If we were unable to make up the delays associated with such factors or to recover the related costs, or if market conditions change, it could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Shared control or lack of control of joint ventures or equity investments may delay decisions or actions regarding our joint ventures, or adversely affect our financial results. A portion of our operations are conducted through joint ventures or equity investments, where control may be exercised by or shared with unaffiliated third parties. We cannot control the actions or ownership of these partners, including any nonperformance, default or bankruptcy of the joint venture or its partners. The joint ventures that we do not operate may also lack financial reporting systems to provide adequate and timely information for our reporting purposes. In addition, a joint venture may lack adequate cybersecurity protections or other controls that could impact its ability to reliably conduct operations. Our joint venture partners may have different interests or goals than we do and may take actions contrary to our requests, policies or objectives. Differences in views among the joint venture partners also may result in delayed decisions or in failures to agree on major matters, potentially adversely affecting the business and operations of the joint ventures and in turn our business and operations. We may develop a dispute with any of our partners over decisions affecting the venture that may result in litigation, arbitration or some other form of dispute resolution. If a joint venture participant acts contrary to our interest, or is unsuccessful in conducting its business, it could harm our brand, business, results of operations and financial condition. 22 Table of Contents We may be required to record material charges against our earnings due to any number of events including impairments of our assets. We review our assets for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. We test goodwill for impairment at least annually. The need to test for impairment can be based on several indicators, including a significant reduction in prices of or demand for products produced, a weakened outlook for profitability, a significant reduction in margins, an expectation that a long-lived asset will be sold or otherwise disposed of significantly before the end of its previously estimated useful life, other changes to contracts or changes in the regulatory environment. We may be required to reduce production or idle facilities for extended periods of time or exit certain businesses as a result of the cyclical nature of our industry. Specifically, oversupplies of or lack of demand for particular products or high raw material prices may cause us to reduce production. We may choose to reduce production at certain facilities because we have off-take arrangements at other facilities, which make any reductions or idling unavailable at those facilities. Temporary outages at our facilities can last for several quarters and sometimes longer. These outages could cause us to incur significant costs, including the expenses of maintaining and restarting these facilities. In addition, we have significant obligations under take-or-pay agreements. Even though we may reduce production at facilities, we may be required to continue to purchase or pay for utilities or raw materials under these arrangements. Sustained unfavorable market conditions may also result in asset impairments. For example, in the third quarter of 2025, a prolonged downturn in, and outlook for, the European petrochemical and global automotive industries, combined with the sustained decline in our market capitalization, resulted in non-cash impairment charges of $1,182 million, presented in both Goodwill impairments and Other impairments on the Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss). Any decision to permanently close facilities or exit a business may result in impairment and other charges to earnings. For example, in March 2025, we announced the permanent closure of the PO/SM production unit at the Maasvlakte site in the Netherlands, a joint venture between us and Covestro, resulting in the recognition of $126 million in shutdown costs during the year ended December 31, 2025. Acquisitions or dispositions of assets or businesses could disrupt our business and harm our financial condition and stock price. We continually evaluate the performance and strategic fit of all of our businesses and evaluate whether our businesses would benefit from acquisitions to enhance growth or dispositions that would align our footprint with our overall business strategy. These transactions pose risks and challenges that could negatively impact our business and financial statements. In 2025, we agreed to sell certain European olefins and polyolefins assets and the associated business. The sites to be sold are located in Berre l’Etang (France), Münchsmünster (Germany), Carrington (United Kingdom), and Tarragona (Spain), and closing is expected in the second quarter of 2026. Dispositions of assets or businesses involve risks, including difficulties in the separation of operations, services, products and personnel, the diversion of management's attention from other business concerns, the disruption of our business, the potential loss of key employees and the retention of uncertain environmental or other contingent liabilities related to the divested business. There can be no assurance that announced dispositions - including our European divestiture - will be successfully completed on the expected timeline or at all, and transactions that are delayed or abandoned may cause additional disruption to the business. In addition, dispositions may result in significant asset impairment charges, including those related to goodwill and other intangible assets, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. In the event we are unable to successfully divest a business or product line, we may be forced to wind down such business or product line, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 23 Table of Contents In addition, acquisitions involve numerous risks, including meeting our standards for compliance, problems combining the purchased operations, technologies or products, unanticipated costs and liabilities, diversion of management’s attention from our core businesses, and potential loss of key employees. There can be no assurance that we will be able to integrate successfully any businesses, products, technologies, or personnel that we might acquire. The integration of businesses that we may acquire is likely to be a complex, time-consuming, and expensive process and we may not realize the anticipated revenues, synergies, or other benefits associated with our acquisitions if we do not manage and operate the acquired business up to our expectations. If we are unable to efficiently operate as a combined organization utilizing common information and communication systems, operating procedures, financial controls, and human resources practices, our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be adversely affected. We cannot assure you that we will be successful in managing these or any other significant risks that we encounter in divesting or acquiring a business or product line, and any transaction we undertake could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, and may also result in a diversion of management attention, operational difficulties and losses. Risks related to the Global Economy and Multinational Operations Economic disruptions and downturns in general, and particularly continued global economic uncertainty or economic turmoil in emerging markets, could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, operating results, financial condition and cash flows. Our results of operations can be materially affected by adverse conditions in the financial markets and depressed economic conditions generally. Economic downturns in the businesses and geographic areas in which we sell our products could substantially reduce demand for our products and result in decreased sales volumes and increased credit risk. Recessionary environments adversely affect our business because demand for our products is reduced, particularly from our customers in industrial markets generally and the automotive and housing industries specifically and may result in higher costs of capital. A significant portion of our revenues are derived from our business in Europe. In addition, most of our European transactions and assets, including cash and receivables, are denominated in euros. We also derive significant revenues from our business in emerging markets, particularly the emerging markets in Asia and South America. Any broad-based downturn in these emerging markets, or in a key market such as China, could require us to reduce export volumes into these markets and could also require us to divert product sales to less profitable markets. Any of these conditions could ultimately harm our overall business, prospects, operating results, financial condition and cash flows. We sell products in highly competitive global markets and face significant price pressures. We sell our products in highly competitive global markets. Due to the commodity nature of many of our products, competition in these markets is based primarily on price and, to a lesser extent, on product performance, product quality, product deliverability, reliability of supply and customer service. Often, we are not able to protect our market position for these products by product differentiation and may not be able to pass on cost increases to our customers due to the significant competition in our industry. In addition, we face increased competition from companies that may have greater financial resources and different cost structures or strategic goals than us. These include large integrated oil companies (some of which also have chemical businesses), government-owned businesses, and companies that receive subsidies or other government incentives to produce certain products in a specified geographic region. Continuing competition from these companies, especially in our olefin business, could limit our ability to increase product sales prices in response to raw material and other cost increases, or could cause us to reduce product sales prices to compete effectively, which would reduce our profitability. Competitors with different cost structures or strategic goals than we have may be able to invest significant capital into their businesses, including expenditures for research and development. In addition, specialty products we produce may become commoditized over time. Increased competition could result in lower prices or lower sales volumes, which would have a negative impact on our results of operations. 24 Table of Contents We operate internationally and are subject to exchange rate fluctuations, exchange controls, tariffs, political risks and other risks relating to international operations. We operate internationally and are subject to the risks of doing business on a global level. These risks include fluctuations in currency exchange rates, economic instability and disruptions, restrictions on the transfer of funds and the imposition of trade restrictions or duties and tariffs, and complex regulations concerning privacy and data security. Additional risks from our multinational business include transportation delays and interruptions, war, terrorist activities, epidemics, pandemics, political instability, import and export controls, access to infrastructure, sanctions, changes in governmental policies, labor unrest and current and changing regulatory environments. We generate revenues from export sales and operations that may be denominated in currencies other than the relevant functional currency. Exchange rates between these currencies and functional currencies in recent years have fluctuated significantly and may do so in the future. It is possible that fluctuations in exchange rates will result in reduced operating results. Additionally, we operate with the objective of having our worldwide cash available in the locations where it is needed, including 

=== LYB_2026-05-01.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors,” in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025. Item 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS On May 23, 2025, our shareholders approved a share repurchase authorization of up to 34,042,250 shares, through November 23, 2026, which superseded any prior repurchase authorizations. The maximum number of shares that may yet be purchased is not necessarily an indication of the number of shares that will ultimately be purchased. Item 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not applicable. Item 5. OTHER INFORMATION During the three months ended March 31, 2026, none of our Section 16 officers or directors adopted or terminated any contract, instruction or written plan for the purchase or sale of our securities that was intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) or any “non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement.” 41 Table of Contents Item 6. EXHIBITS Exhibit Number Description 31.1* Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 31.2* Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 32** Certifications pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 101.INS* XBRL Instance Document–The instance document does not appear in the interactive data file because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH* XBRL Schema Document 101.CAL* XBRL Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF* XBRL Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB* XBRL Labels Linkbase Document 101.PRE* XBRL Presentation Linkbase Document 104* Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) * Filed herewith ** Furnished herewith 42 Table of Contents SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. Date: May 1, 2026 /s/ Matthew D Hayes Matthew D. Hayes Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) 43 