=== J_2025-12-18.htm.gz ===
DEF 14A Table of Contents DEF 14A false 0000052988 0000052988 2024-09-28 2025-09-26 0000052988 2023-09-30 2024-09-27 0000052988 2022-10-01 2023-09-29 0000052988 2021-10-02 2022-09-30 0000052988 2020-10-03 2021-10-01 0000052988 j:DemetriouMember 2020-10-03 2021-10-01 0000052988 j:DemetriouMember 2021-10-02 2022-09-30 0000052988 j:PragadaMember 2022-10-01 2023-09-29 0000052988 j:DemetriouMember 2022-10-01 2023-09-29 0000052988 j:PragadaMember 2023-09-30 2024-09-27 0000052988 j:PragadaMember 2024-09-28 2025-09-26 0000052988 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:PeoMember j:PragadaMember 2024-09-28 2025-09-26 0000052988 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:PeoMember j:PragadaMember 2024-09-28 2025-09-26 0000052988 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember j:PragadaMember 2024-09-28 2025-09-26 0000052988 ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:PeoMember j:PragadaMember 2024-09-28 2025-09-26 0000052988 ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-09-28 2025-09-26 0000052988 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-09-28 2025-09-26 0000052988 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-09-28 2025-09-26 0000052988 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-09-28 2025-09-26 0000052988 1 2024-09-28 2025-09-26 0000052988 2 2024-09-28 2025-09-26 0000052988 3 2024-09-28 2025-09-26 0000052988 4 2024-09-28 2025-09-26 0000052988 5 2024-09-28 2025-09-26 0000052988 j:DemetriouMember 2024-09-28 2025-09-26 iso4217:USD iso4217:USD xbrli:shares SCHEDULE 14A INFORMATION Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material Under 240.14a-12 Jacobs Solutions Inc. (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) N/A (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check all boxes that apply): No fee required. Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11. Table of Contents Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders Proxy Statement Challenge accepted. Table of Contents Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders Proxy Statement Challenge Accepted Table of Contents CHAIR CEO S MESSAGE Challenge Accepted Fellow shareholders, Fiscal year 2025 marked an inflection point for Jacobs driven by organizational focus, strategic alignment and positive momentum across markets with long-term tailwinds. In a dynamic global environment shaped by climate urgency, urbanization, geopolitical complexity and AI-driven digital acceleration, clients turn to Jacobs for trusted guidance and integrated solutions. Grounded in deep domain expertise and a legacy of delivery, we help them support resilience and opportunity through science-based, digitally enabled solutions co-created with our clients and delivered through our culture of caring. A transformed Jacobs In 2025, we launched a bold, client-focused strategy to position Jacobs at the forefront of the world s most pressing challenges. Jacobs now operates as a more focused organization centered on delivering services and comprehensive solutions to the Water and Environmental, Life Sciences and Advanced Manufacturing and Critical Infrastructure sectors. Our end markets represent long-term opportunities that demand multidisciplinary solutions. From clean water systems and advanced pharmaceuticals to resilient transportation and secure energy, we are building the essential systems of tomorrow. We refined our operating model and expanded our Senior Leadership Team to include broader representation of strategic thinkers and doers strengthening alignment between strategy and delivery. Market momentum Client investment in Water is accelerating. Across our portfolio, we operate and maintain strategic water assets for clients offering real-time insights that drive better capital planning and operational performance. We re supporting municipalities like the Metropolitan Sewer District of Greater Cincinnati with infrastructure that reduces grid dependence and turns biosolids into a resource. Our Environmental services are very relevant to every market we serve, particularly in planning and remediation. Our deep expertise shapes every Jacobs project, often starting with early-stage design and permitting. In Advanced Manufacturing, we re responding to a meaningful expansion in investment across the data center, semiconductor and Life Sciences sectors, and we are seeing an uptick in cross-cutting opportunities. For industry leaders like Nvidia, we re creating digital twins of artificial intelligence (AI) factories to optimize power, cooling and network systems. An exciting growth segment in Life Sciences is GLP-1 and monoclonal antibody production where we provide support across 12 active facilities globally which encompass more than 3 million square feet of manufacturing space. In Critical Infrastructure, our Cities Places, Energy and Transportation markets continue to attract long-term investment from both public and private sector clients. Our longstanding relationships and global delivery capabilities position us to deliver complex programs that improve quality of life. As engineering consultant for the Interborough Express, we re helping the Metropolitan Transportation Authority deliver a transformative light rail system in New York, enhancing mobility, reducing travel times and supporting sustainable growth. We re also delivering design and advisory services for King Salman International Airport, a next-generation aviation program in Saudi Arabia. Our Energy Power business continues to grow as both public and private sector clients are turning to us to modernize transmission and distribution systems, integrate renewables and meet rising demand from AI-powered data centers ii | 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents underpinned by our decades of experience in major program delivery and our ability to deliver sustainable solutions. We re also delivering complex government facilities and giga-scale developments particularly across the Middle East and Asia Pacific with a focus on national security, resilience and strategic infrastructure. Focused on financial discipline and profitable growth In fiscal 2025, we delivered strong results against a dynamic economic backdrop, anchored by a commitment to disciplined fiscal management. We closed the year with meaningful year-over-year margin expansion and a record consolidated backlog which grew 6% to $23.1 billion. We maintained a healthy balance sheet and advanced strategic investments, repurchasing a record $754 million of our shares. Powering transformation through PA Our collaboration with PA Consulting continues to drive growth and accelerate Jacobs position as a leading provider of end-to-end lifecycle solutions embedding us earlier in client journeys and deepening our role in strategic advisory, innovation and transformation. In fiscal 2025, PA leveraged strong market demand, expanded client relationships and sharpened its go-to-market strategy delivering double-digit growth in their stock of work. PA holds a leading position in the U.K. defense sector, supporting programs in innovation, cybersecurity and transformation. Jacobs has scaled PA s delivery through shared digital services and talent augmentation. Together, we are bringing advisory and digital capabilities to a broader client base including support for Dallas Fort Worth International Airport s digital transformation initiative and strategic advisory to the U.K. public sector. In the Middle East, we are advancing sustainability in aviation, unlocking new value for clients and positioning for global expansion. Innovation and digital enablement While Jacobs has been deploying AI tools across client solutions for years, in 2025, we formalized our enterprise-wide approach with a company-wide AI roadmap, governance model and go-to-market strategy. AI is central to how we scale delivery, enhance client value and improve internal efficiency including through Jacobs AI, which is streamlining knowledge share and enhancing productivity and project delivery. We expanded deployment of Jacobs proprietary platforms, and our digital tools are increasingly embedded into project lifecycle management integrating water, energy, transportation and other systems into unified, data-driven strategies. From smart water to automated design and cybersecurity, we re applying AI where it matters most: in outcomes. People, culture and sustainability Our people remain at the heart of our business. In 2025, we launched holistic and interconnected initiatives to strengthen talent development and employee experience, including our Hybrid Work model, reinforcing flexibility while maintaining strong client and team connections. We launched Jacobs University a global learning hub for skill-building and leadership development and introduced the Talent Marketplace, a new digital platform that enables employees to explore growth opportunities across Jacobs. In March, we marked the 20th anniversary of the Texas City refinery explosion a somber and tragic reminder that we used to reaffirm our commitment to BeyondZero and continue evolving our culture of caring through global step backs and leadership engagement. We also launched PlayBeyond 2025+, our updated sustainability approach. Through PlanBeyond , we continue to embed sustainability principles into client solutions from coastal restoration and renewable integration to environmental compliance and nature-based systems. Our thriving global integrated delivery model enables us to scale delivery, access specialized expertise and offer clients around-the-clock support. With low attrition and strong recruitment, we remain a destination for purpose-driven top talent. We also extend our sincere appreciation to Peter J. Robertson, who is retiring from the Board of Directors after 16 years of distinguished service. His global perspective, industry insight and leadership particularly as Chair of the Human Resource Compensation Committee have made a lasting impact on Jacobs. Looking ahead As we look further into fiscal 2026, Jacobs is well-positioned for continued growth. With strong data center client demand and continued momentum in Life Sciences, Water, Advanced Manufacturing and Energy we re positioned to capitalize on our integrated digital solutions and global delivery capabilities. Our ambition is clear: With strong execution and disciplined focus, we strive to grow in geographies and sectors aligned to strategic opportunities. We re focused on scaling our AI capabilities, optimizing our PA relationship and delivering bold, future-focused solutions to the world s most complex challenges. We move forward with clarity, capability and conviction. To our clients, partners and shareholders thank you for your trust, partnership and the opportunity to contribute to your purpose. And to our people thank you for your unwavering drive to make a difference and your continuing commitment to our inclusive culture where every employee is able to thrive. Together we are accepting the challenge building a legacy that will benefit our communities for generations to come. Sincerely, Bob Pragada Chair and Chief Executive Officer 2026 Proxy Statement | iii Table of Contents Jacobs is now a more focused, higher-margin company aligned to global demand trends, organized for growth and positioned to lead in science-based consulting and digitally enabled solutions through our Infrastructure and Advanced Facilities (I AF) and PA Consulting businesses. Through our new strategy, we are concentrating our capabilities where client needs and long-term market tailwinds intersect Water and Environmental, Life Sciences and Advanced Manufacturing, and Critical Infrastructure. These end markets present enduring global challenges from water scarcity and energy security to digital transformation and health innovation. Jacobs brings technical depth, trusted partnerships and delivery scale to help clients tackle these challenges through integrated, forward-looking solutions. We ve refined our operating model to engage earlier in the project lifecycle, strengthen the integration between strategy, engineering and delivery, and increase agility across our global footprint. Our collaboration with PA Consulting combines advisory, digital and implementation capabilities enabling clients to make better decisions and implement complex, transformative programs with confidence. This comprehensive capability allows us to redefine the asset lifecycle from upfront strategy and system planning to design, construction and operations grounded in science, enabled by digital solutions, and delivered with a deep understanding of client needs. Across end markets, we re delivering capital-intensive, nationally significant programs that improve resilience, enhance sustainability and support economic growth. We continue to invest in capabilities that drive differentiation and long-term value: sustainability, AI, global delivery and programmatic execution. With clearer portfolio focus, scalable platforms, and a disciplined approach to growth, Jacobs is well positioned to help clients meet the challenges and opportunities of a rapidly evolving world. OUR STRATEGIC VISION: REDEFINING THE ASSET LIFECYCLE iv | 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Donald C. Tillman Advanced Water Purification Facility Los Angeles, U.S. We re working with LA Sanitation and Environment and the Los Angeles Department of Water and Power as the progressive design-build contractor for the Donald C. Tillman Advanced Water Purification Facility and associated equalization basins. Representing one of the largest potable reuse projects in the U.S., together, the projects are a key part of the City of Los Angeles long-term water management objective to fully reuse its water supplies. Red Purple Line Modernization Phase One Chicago, U.S. As owner s representative for one of the Chicago Transit Authority s largest-ever transit modernization programs, Jacobs coordinated the complex design-build delivery of a safe, more reliable and accessible network for passengers. The project rebuilt four century-old stations, upgraded track and signaling, and constructed a new bypass to relieve congestion and strengthen the long-term resilience of Chicago s rapid transit system. Thames Tideway Tunnel London, U.K. Jacobs has served as program manager for the 25-kilometer Thames Tideway Tunnel, one of Europe s most complex wastewater infrastructure projects, designed to intercept storm overflows and protect the River Thames. Now in final testing and commissioning, the project is already capturing millions of tons of wastewater each year, improving river water quality, enhancing safety and biodiversity, and creating long-term social and environmental benefits for London. Ejby M lle Water Resource Recovery Facility Odense, Denmark In collaboration with VCS Denmark and through numerous process innovations, Jacobs transformed Ejby M lle from a major power consumer into an energy-positive operation that generates 150% of its own electricity and heat and supplies surplus to the grid. The project reduced operating costs, improved carbon performance, and demonstrated the potential of sustainable, circular water infrastructure, all while maintaining strict effluent compliance. 2026 Proxy Statement | v Table of Contents The Mukaab Riyadh, Saudi Arabia In joint venture, Jacobs is providing design services for The Mukaab, the landmark centerpiece of Riyadh s New Murabba development a transformational mixed-use destination inspired by traditional Salmani architecture. The development combines innovation, sustainability and digital technology to create a human-centered urban experience that advances Saudi Arabia s Vision 2030. FUJIFILM Biotechnologies North Carolina, USA Jacobs delivered engineering, procurement and construction management services for one of North America s largest end-to-end cell culture contract development and manufacturing organization (CDMO) campuses a $3.2 billion project integrating drug substance manufacturing, automated fill finish, and large-scale packaging. By employing modular replication, digital execution, and rigorous safety controls, the facility accelerates global biopharma supply resilience while creating a replicable model for future manufacturing sites. Marinus Link Tasmania and Victoria, Australia Jacobs is serving as the Integrated Delivery Partner for Marinus Link, an approximately 214-mile undersea and underground high-voltage direct current (HVDC) electricity and data interconnector that will strengthen energy security, support renewable generation and deliver benefits to consumers across Tasmania, Victoria and the National Electricity Market. We re overseeing the establishment and ongoing delivery of the first 750-megawatt stage, managing engineering and construction packages and implementing governance for the HVDC cable and supporting substation infrastructure to advance Australia s clean-energy transition. NVIDIA Omniverse DSX Blueprint for AI Factory Digital Twins Global Jacobs is collaborating with NVIDIA to develop advanced digital twins into validated designs across complex architectural, mechanical, power and electrical systems. NVIDIA Omniverse DSX Blueprint is a roadmap to simulate and optimize digital twins for AI factories that allows earlier insight into performance, energy use and resilience, helping deliver next-generation AI infrastructure that is more efficient, reliable and sustainable. Orlando Utilities Commission Florida, USA Jacobs helped Orlando Utilities Commission (OUC) redefine utility operations and community resilience as the design lead for Florida s first net-zero energy utility campus. With solar generation, rainwater harvesting, and future-ready systems for battery storage and floating solar, the new St. Cloud Operations Maintenance Center strengthens OUC s storm recovery capabilities while supporting long-term carbon reduction goals. vi | 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents At Jacobs, our purpose and values guide every decision we make. As we navigate an era defined by rapid technological advancement, environmental urgency and evolving stakeholder expectations, our commitment to creating a more connected, sustainable world has never been more important. Through PlanBeyond , our sustainable business approach, we embed sustainability into everything we do from how we operate to the solutions we deliver and the partnerships we form. PlanBeyond 2025+ reflects our commitment to aligning to measurable outcomes and global frameworks, delivering long-term value for society and the planet while helping clients plan beyond today. Embedding sustainability across the business Sustainability continues to be a key driver of Jacobs growth and differentiation. We re deepening its integration across our operations and decision-making, ensuring it remains intrinsic to our purpose and long-term value creation. Our sustainability journey is defined by continuous improvement, transparency and impact. We ve built trusted client relationships through sustainability-aligned solutions that advance our global strategy. PlanBeyond 2025+ reflects our evolving role not just responding to global change, but actively shaping what s next alongside our clients, partners and people. Whether through client solutions or how we operate our own business, we prioritize positive social, environmental and economic outcomes, while improving resilience. Our sustainability reporting is aligned with, and informed by, global reporting frameworks and standards. Accelerating climate action We continue to advance a suite of strategic actions to reduce our carbon footprint. With our commitment to purchasing 100% renewable electricity and our current net-zero target validated by the Science Based Targets initiative, we are driving progress across our operations and supply chain. One of our most ambitious current goals is to reach net-zero across our value chain by 2040. As we work toward that goal, we support our suppliers identifying opportunities to reduce carbon emissions, improve climate resilience and promote accountability across our ecosystem. We remain focused on reducing our environmental footprint, while influencing systemic change across our industry and the broader economic, social and environmental systems in which we operate. Delivering integrated solutions with measurable impact Jacobs is trusted to deliver some of the world s most complex infrastructure and environmental programs from city-scale water systems and national resilience strategies to energy transition programs and mobility decarbonization. Our greatest opportunity for creating value and positive impact lies in the work we deliver for clients. We harness advanced digital tools and artificial intelligence (AI)-driven insights to integrate sustainability and resilience across the entire project lifecycle. We use Jacobs tools like Evolve, Climate Risk Manager and Kaleidoscope to embed sustainability from the outset assessing community impacts, climate and natural risks and long-term outcomes. We also collaborate across the enterprise, including with our Simetrica-Jacobs and Streetlight teams, to bring data-rich insights into project planning, delivery and impact measurement to support our clients. 2026 Proxy Statement | vii Table of Contents Global recognition Top Score in Global Disability Inclusion Benchmark (2025) covering United States, U.K., Germany, and for the first time Canada, Philippines and India. One of The Times Top 50 Employers for Gender Equality 2025 (U.K. operations) for fifth consecutive year. Gold Tier Employer on the Australian Workplace Equality Index (AWEI) LGBTQ+ Inclusion Awards 2025 . India Workplace Equality Index (IWEI) Top Employer 2025 Silver Award. U.K. Disability Confident Employer (2025) . Earned record score in Pride at Work , Canada s 2024 Workplace Audit. 1 Annual Scope 1, 2 market-based and Scope 3 (Business Travel, Employee Commuting, and Upstream Fuel and Energy) GHG emissions (metric tonnes CO2e). This metric is related to the Sustainability-Linked Bond target. 2 Rebaseline is described in the Sustainability Linked Bond Progress Report. Launched in FY25, our proprietary tool Evolve empowers our teams to integrate sustainability into client projects and measure impact. This AI-powered tool recommends tailored sustainability actions aligned to client goals and tracks progress against Jacobs science-based Impact Framework helping deliver smarter, more resilient and more inclusive solutions that mitigate risk, reduce cost and create long-term value. Strategic advancement and long-term value creation We continue to invest strategically in the people, systems and partnerships that advance our long-term sustainability objectives and deliver client and shareholder value. In 2025, we expanded our enterprise-wide sustainability and resilience capabilities across seven core areas, including Decarbonization GHG Management, Energy Transition, and Sustainable Business. These capabilities are delivered through a cross-market operating model designed to enhance client outcomes, improve operational efficiency and mitigate risk. Investment is informed by a risk analysis, aligned with European Sustainability Reporting Standards, ensuring responsiveness to stakeholder expectations and regulatory developments. We also strengthened our data governance and digital infrastructure to support more automated performance tracking and informed decision-making. Our strategic relationships with emerging technology providers and nature-based solution leaders are helping us scale sustainable innovation globally. Empowering talent and growth At Jacobs, our people are at the center of everything we do the driving force behind our innovation, resilience and client success. Creating a workplace where everyone feels safe, supported, valued and empowered is core to who we are and how we lead. We want Jacobs to be a place where people grow their careers, explore new opportunities and find meaningful purpose in their work. Regular employee pulse surveys track our cultural progress and guide improvement. FY25 latest results showed record participation and stronger inclusion, engagement and alignment, while highlighting employee interest in career growth and AI-focused learning. During the fiscal year, we introduced several enterprise-wide initiatives designed to unlock talent mobility, foster leadership and support our people in building long-term, purpose-driven careers. As we continue to embrace internal mobility and create a richer employee experience, we launched Jacobs University a new global learning and development hub making it easier for our people to find training that s interesting and relevant for building future-ready capabilities across all roles and regions. It includes four dedicated schools, each with specific resources for focused development with more schools to come. We also introduced the Internal Talent Marketplace, a digital platform that enables employees to explore and receive internal opportunities, assignments and career pathways that align with their goals and experience. We also launched Jacobs AI Assist, our proprietary AI tool that makes our authoritative knowledge more discoverable and usable for our employees in their daily work. Our global graduate development program and local apprenticeships equip our early careers professionals with the foundational skills, networks and knowledge for a successful career at Jacobs. In FY25, we also welcomed more than 1,300 graduates, interns and apprentices to our global team. viii | 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Our Hybrid Work model, rolled out globally, reinforces flexibility while maintaining strong team collaboration and client connection. These programs reflect our commitment to offering our people a workplace that is adaptable, inclusive and empowering wherever they are in the world. With low attrition, strong recruitment momentum and high employee engagement, Jacobs continues to be a destination for purpose-driven talent. Our people are driven by shared values and a commitment to shaping a better future. Fostering inclusion and belonging TogetherBeyond is our approach to living inclusion every day and enabling a sense of belonging globally. Inclusion is about tangible action that drives meaningful, measurable change, both in our Company and in the communities we serve. It means creating a workplace where our people are curious, embrace different perspectives and harness new ideas to bring to life the innovative, extraordinary solutions that our clients demand from us. By embracing varied perspectives and experiences, we foster greater creativity, faster decision-making, and a more connected, inclusive culture. In FY25, we launched Find Your Community with employees to strengthen visibility, connectivity and impact across Jacobs wide range of communities including our eight Jacobs Employee Networks (JENs), our 240+ communities of practice, Positive Mental Health Champions and other groups. We continued to invest in global programs that build awareness, empathy and allyship, while advancing accessibility and cultural understanding in project delivery, recruitment and community engagement. Open to all employees, our JENs are an important part of fostering an inclusive culture that is integral to our Company strategy, recognizing that by valuing our people and their unique perspectives, we unleash empowerment, innovation and inspiration within Jacobs and across the communities we serve. Our approach to health, safety, security environment Since its inception in 2007, our BeyondZero program has consistently helped protect our people and the environment through proactive programs shaping how we operate and how we care for one another. What began as a commitment to health and safety has evolved into a broader philosophy that also includes psychological wellbeing, security, environmental responsibility and business resilience. It s the cornerstone of our Culture of Caring and a fundamental part of our values and identity. Amid growing global complexities that test our ability to operate safely, securely and sustainably, we remain committed to proactive risk management and to delivering high-value solutions for our people, clients and communities. In FY25, we achieved another year of zero employee fatalities at work and a total recordable incident rate 1 of 0.11, compared to the North American Industry Classification System s most recently reported 2 aggregate rate of 0.60. This reflects our continued focus on protecting our people and creating resilient project environments. External recognition included five EBJ/CCBJ 3 awards for advancing environmental and climate resilience and the RoSPA 4 Patron s Award for sustained health and safety excellence. We also advanced our resilience program enhancing emergency, crisis and continuity capabilities to support stability and performance during times of disruption. Our proactive wellbeing programs recognize the 2026 Proxy Statement | ix Table of Contents Sustainability ratings and recognition full spectrum of employee health from physical to emotional, social to financial. In FY25, we expanded holistic wellbeing support offerings, including our Dedicated Workplace Support service, which compliments existing support like our Emotional Wellbeing Solutions digital portal. Our global community of nearly 1,800 Positive Mental Health Champions continues to grow with 30% now serving as people leaders. These champions are trained to offer peer-level interim support, guiding colleagues toward professional options, while helping to reduce stigma and foster inclusion. Our Jacobs developed, free mental health check-in tool, One Million Lives, reached a significant milestone this year, with over 50,000 check-ins completed since launch. Our BeyondZero journey is not a destination it s a mindset. One that drives us to expand our impact, protect our people and partner globally to shape a safer, more sustainable future. We remain disciplined in strengthening our collective HSSE capability, positioning Jacobs to anticipate dynamic market demands and deliver responsible growth and lasting impact. Purposeful giving and volunteering Jacobs commitment to community is powered by our people. Through Collectively, our global giving and volunteering program, we empower employees to engage with causes aligned to our values. We offer paid volunteer time, donation matching, grant nomination and volunteer recognition awards to amplify their impact. In FY25, we mobilized support for communities impacted by natural and climate-related disasters, water insecurity and conflict. One powerful example: in June 2025, a team of 10 Jacobs employees joined non-profit Bridges to Prosperity to construct a suspended bridge across the Gatongati River in Rwanda. This was Jacobs 17th bridge build, providing safe, year-round access to education, healthcare, markets and essential services for more than 8,300 people. We also remain committed to inspiring the next generation of talent through our science, technology, engineering, arts and mathematics (STEAM) initiatives, including sponsorship of the International Science and Engineering Fair a premier global competition engaging students from more than 300 affiliated science fairs worldwide and advancing the future talent pipeline. Together, we re creating a company that our people are proud to work for and a culture that delivers for our clients, our communities and one other. Dow Jones Sustainability World Index 2024 3 rd consecutive year Dow Jones Sustainability North America Index 2024 5th consecutive year ISS ESG Corporate Rating 2024 Prime status MSCI ESG Ratings 2024 AA Leader rating Sustainalytics 2024 Medium Risk rating CDP 2024 Rank B EcoVadis 2024 Gold medal Environmental Business Journal (EBJ) / Climate Change Business Journal (CCBJ) 2024 Five awards for leadership in environmental and climate resilience x | 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents We are pleased to invite you to join our Board of Directors and senior leadership at the Jacobs Solutions Inc. (the Company ) 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (the Annual Meeting ). This year, you may attend the Annual Meeting in person in Dallas, Texas or via the internet at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/J2026. To attend the meeting via the internet, simply enter the 16-digit control number included in the Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials, on your proxy card, or in the instructions that accompanied your proxy materials. Business Items Proxy Voting 1. Election of the directors named in the Proxy Statement to hold office until the 2027 Annual Meeting. It is important that your shares be represented and voted at the Annual Meeting. You can vote your shares by completing and mailing the proxy card or voting instruction card sent to you. You also have the option of voting your shares electronically via the Internet or by telephone. Voting instructions are printed on your proxy card, voting instruction card, or Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials. To ensure your shares are represented at the meeting, please cast your vote by mail, telephone or Internet as soon as possible, even if you plan to attend the Annual Meeting in person or via the virtual meeting platform. 2. Advisory vote to approve the Company s executive compensation. 3. Ratification of the appointment of Ernst Young LLP as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending October 2, 2026. 4. Discuss any other business that may properly come before the Annual Meeting. Record Date The shareholders of record at the close of business on December 3, 2025, will be entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting and any adjournment or postponement thereof. By order of the Board of Directors Priya Howell Senior Vice President, Deputy General Counsel and Assistant Secretary Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Annual Shareholder Meeting to be held on January 28, 2026 This Proxy Statement and accompanying 2025 Annual Report to Shareholders are available at http://materials.proxyvote.com/469814 . How to Cast your Vote Your vote is important. All shareholders who owned common stock of the Company at the close of business on the Record Date of December 3, 2025, may vote. You may vote in one of the following ways: Vote by Internet www.proxyvote.com Vote by Telephone 1 (800) 690-6903 or the telephone number on your proxy card Vote by Mail Sign, date, and return your proxy or voting instruction card Vote in Person Attend the meeting on January 28, 2026, either in person in Dallas, Texas or virtually during the live webcast If your shares are held in a stock brokerage account or by a bank or other record holder, please refer to the instructions from your bank, brokerage account or other record holder. 2026 Proxy Statement | xi Table of Contents Table of contents Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders xi Table of contents xii Proxy Statement 1 General 2 About The Annual Meeting 2 Proposal No. 1 Election of Directors 5 What are You Voting on? 5 What is the Voting Requirement? 5 Members of the Board of Directors 6 Director Experience Matrix 7 Director Biographies 8 Corporate Governance 18 Highlights 18 Our Corporate Governance Practices 20 The Board s Role in Enterprise Risk Management Oversight 21 Board Leadership Structure 24 Board Composition 25 Independence of Directors 26 Director Nominations 26 Committees of the Board of Directors 27 Corporate Governance Guidelines 29 Director Education 29 Management Succession Planning and Development 30 Annual Board and Committee Evaluations 30 Attendance of the Board at Meetings 30 Code of Ethics 30 Stock Ownership Guidelines 31 Insider Trading Policy 31 Shareholder Engagement 31 Availability of Documents 34 Compensation of Directors 35 Forward-Looking Statements 37 Proposal No. 2 Advisory Vote to Approve Executive Compensation 38 What are You Voting on? 38 What is the Voting Requirement? 38 Compensation Committee Report 39 Compensation Discussion and Analysis (CD A) 40 Introduction 40 Our Executive Compensation Philosophy 40 Overview of CD A 41 Our Executive Compensation Program and Practices 43 The Compensation Decision Process 45 Assessing Compensation Competitiveness 45 Compensation Elements 47 Other Benefits 58 Other Policies 61 Executive Compensation 63 Summary Compensation Table 63 Narrative Disclosure to Summary Compensation Table 64 2025 Grant of Plan-Based Awards 65 Outstanding Equity Awards of NEOs at 2025 Fiscal Year End 66 Option Exercises and Stock Vested in Fiscal 2025 67 Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation 67 Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation for 2025 68 Compensation Under Various Termination Scenarios 69 Equity Compensation Plan Information 70 CEO Pay Ratio 71 Pay-versus-Performance 72 Proposal No. 3 Ratification of The Appointment of Ernst Young LLP 76 What are You Voting on? 76 What is the Voting Requirement? 76 Audit Committee Report 77 Audit and Non-audit Fees 78 Security Ownership 79 Executive Officers 81 Shareholders Proposals 81 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 82 Householding of Proxy Materials 83 Annual Report, Financial and Additional Information 84 Other Business 84 ANNEX A A-1 xii | 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Table of Contents We are providing these proxy materials in connection with the 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (the Annual Meeting ) of Jacobs Solutions Inc. (the Company or Jacobs ). This Proxy Statement and the Company s 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K were first made available to shareholders and the Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials, proxy card or voting instruction card were first sent to shareholders on or about December 18, 2025. This Proxy Statement contains important information for you to consider when deciding how to vote on the matters to be brought before the Annual Meeting. Please read it carefully. General The Annual Meeting will be held on Wednesday, January 28, 2026, at 12:30 p.m. CST. This year s Annual Meeting will be a hybrid meeting of shareholders, meaning that shareholders may attend the Annual Meeting in person in the building where the Company s principal offices are located, 1999 Bryan Street, First Floor, Dallas, Texas 75201, or via live webcast by visiting www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/J2026. Shareholders joining the Annual Meeting via the live webcast will be able to vote their shares electronically and submit questions during the meeting. Simply enter the 16-digit control number included in the Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials, on your proxy card or in the instructions that accompanied your proxy materials. You should ensure that you have a strong internet connection wherever you intend to participate in the meeting. You should also give yourself enough time to log in and ensure that you can hear the streaming audio prior to the start of the meeting. We encourage you to access the virtual meeting platform before the Annual Meeting begins. Online check-in will start at 12:15 p.m. CST on January 28, 2026, 15 minutes before the meeting begins. A support line for technical assistance will also be provided on the virtual meeting website at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/J2026. About The Annual Meeting Who is soliciting my vote? The Board of Directors of the Company (the Board of Directors or Board ) is soliciting your vote in connection with the Annual Meeting. What is the purpose of the Annual Meeting? The Annual Meeting will be the Company s regular annual meeting of shareholders. You will be voting on the following matters at the Annual Meeting: Proposal Number Description Board Recommendation Page Reference 1 Elect the director nominees named in this Proxy Statement to hold office until the 2027 Annual Meeting FOR each nominee 5 2 An advisory vote to approve the Company s executive compensation FOR 38 3 Ratify the appointment of Ernst Young LLP as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending October 2, 2026 FOR 76 How many votes can be cast by shareholders? Each share of common stock is entitled to one vote. There is no cumulative voting. There were 118,088,311 shares of common stock outstanding and entitled to vote on December 3, 2025 (the Record Date ). How many votes must be present to hold the Annual Meeting? A majority of the outstanding shares of common stock as of the Record Date must be present at the Annual Meeting in person, via the virtual meeting platform or by proxy in order to hold the Annual Meeting and conduct business. This is called a quorum. Your shares are counted as present at the Annual Meeting if you attend the Annual Meeting in person or virtually and vote during the meeting, a proxy card or voting instruction card has been properly submitted by you or on your behalf, or you have voted electronically via the Internet or by telephone. Both abstentions and broker non-votes are counted as present for the purpose of determining the 2 | 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents presence of a quorum. A broker non-vote is a share of common stock that is beneficially owned by a person or entity and held by a broker or other nominee but for which the broker or other nominee (1) lacks the discretionary authority to vote on an applicable matter and (2) has not received voting instructions from the beneficial owner in respect of such matter. How many votes are required to elect directors and approve the other proposals? Proposal No. 1 (Election of directors): Each director is elected by a majority of the votes cast with respect to such director in uncontested elections, which means the number of shares voted for a director nominee must exceed the number of shares voted against that nominee. Abstentions and broker non-votes are not counted for purposes of the election of directors and, therefore, will have no effect on the outcome of such election. Proposal No. 2 (Advisory vote to approve executive compensation): The approval of the advisory resolution on the Company s executive compensation requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shares of common stock present, in person, via the virtual meeting platform or by proxy, at the Annual Meeting and entitled to vote. Abstentions will have the same effect as a vote against this advisory resolution. Broker non-votes will have no effect on the outcome of this advisory vote. The results of advisory votes are not binding on the Board of Directors. Proposal No. 3 (Ratification of the appointment of Ernst Young LLP as independent auditors): The ratification of the appointment of Ernst Young LLP as the Company s independent auditor for fiscal year 2026 requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shares of common stock present, in person, via the virtual meeting platform or by proxy, at the Annual Meeting and entitled to vote. Abstentions will have the same effect as a vote against this proposal. This Proposal is considered a routine matter with respect to which a broker or other nominee can generally vote in their discretion. Therefore, no broker non-votes are expected in connection with this Proposal. How do I vote by proxy? You can vote your shares by completing and returning the proxy card or voting instruction card that was sent to you or by voting your shares electronically via the Internet or by telephone. Your Internet or telephone vote authorizes the named proxies to vote your shares in the same manner as if you marked, signed, and returned your proxy card or voting instruction card. Voting instructions are printed on your proxy card, voting instruction card or Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials. You are encouraged to vote by proxy as soon as possible, even if you plan to attend the Annual Meeting in person or via the virtual meeting platform. What if I don t vote on some of the proposals? If you return your signed proxy card or voting instruction card in the envelope provided to you but do not mark selections, your shares will be voted in accordance with the recommendations of the Board of Directors with respect to such selections. Similarly, when you vote electronically on the Internet and do not vote on all matters, your shares will be voted in accordance with the recommendations of the Board of Directors with respect to the matters on which you did not vote. In connection therewith, the Board of Directors has designated Robert V. Pragada and Venk Nathamuni as proxies. Shareholders that vote by telephone must vote on each matter. If you indicate a choice with respect to any matter to be acted upon on your proxy card or voting instruction card, or by Internet or telephone, your shares will be voted in accordance with your instructions. What if I hold my shares in a brokerage account or through a bank or other nominee? If you are a beneficial owner and hold your shares in street name through a broker, bank or other nominee and do not return the voting instruction card, the broker, bank or other nominee will vote your shares on each matter at the Annual Meeting for which it has the requisite discretionary authority. Under applicable rules, brokers have the discretion to vote on routine matters, such as the ratification of the selection of independent registered public accounting firms, but do not have discretion to vote on the election of directors or on any advisory vote regarding the Company s executive compensation. You may receive multiple sets of proxy materials if you hold your shares of Company common stock in multiple ways, such as directly as a holder of record or indirectly through a broker, bank or other nominee or through the Jacobs 401(k) Plans (as defined below). You are encouraged to vote all proxy cards and voting instruction cards you receive as soon as possible. What if I hold my shares in the Jacobs 401(k) Plans? If your shares of Company common stock are held in the Jacobs 401(k) Plus Savings Plan or, the Jacobs Union 401(k) Plus Savings Plan (together referred to as the Jacobs 401(k) Plans ), you will receive a voting 2026 Proxy Statement | 3 Table of Contents instruction card allowing you to instruct the trustee of the Jacobs 401(k) Plans how to vote such shares. The trustee will vote the shares credited to your account in accordance with your instructions, provided the trustee determines it can do so in accordance with the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 ( ERISA ). Pursuant to ERISA, the trustee would only be prevented from voting the shares credited to your account in accordance with your instructions if the independent fiduciary of the Jacobs 401(k) Plans, State Street Global Advisors ( SSGA ), deems that following the instructions would be a violation of the trustee s fiduciary duties. To allow sufficient time for voting by the trustee of the Jacobs 401(k) Plans, your voting instructions must be received by January 23, 2026, at 11:59 p.m. EST. If you do not send instructions regarding the voting of shares in your Jacobs 401(k) Plan account(s), or if your instructions are not received in a timely manner, SSGA will direct the trustee, in SSGA s discretion, how to vote your shares. Please follow the instructions on your voting instruction card, which may be different from those provided to other shareholders. For the avoidance of doubt, if you are a participant in a Jacobs 401(k) Plan, you may not vote during the Annual Meeting, either in person or via the virtual meeting platform. You may receive multiple sets of proxy materials if you hold your shares of Company common stock in multiple ways, such as directly as a holder of record or indirectly through a broker, bank or other nominee or through the Jacobs 401(k) Plans. You are encouraged to vote all proxy cards and voting instruction cards you receive as soon as possible. Who pays for the proxy solicitation and how will the Company solicit votes? The Company bears the expense of printing and mailing proxy materials and soliciting proxies. In addition to this solicitation of proxies by mail, the Company s directors, officers and other employees may solicit proxies by personal interview, telephone, facsimile or electronic communication. These individuals will not be paid any additional compensation above their regular salaries and wages for any such solicitation. The Company will request brokers and other nominees who hold shares of common stock in their names to furnish proxy materials to the beneficial owners of such shares. The Company will reimburse such brokers and other nominees for their reasonable expenses incurred in forwarding solicitation materials to such beneficial owners. In addition, we have retained MacKenzie Partners, Inc. to assist in the solicitation of proxies for a total fee of up to $35,000 plus reimbursement of expenses. MacKenzie Partners, Inc. may solicit proxies in person, by telephone or electronic communication. Can I change or revoke my vote? Yes. Even if you sign and return the proxy card or voting instruction card in the form provided to you, vote by telephone, or vote electronically via the Internet, you retain the power to revoke your proxy or change your vote at any time before it is exercised at the Annual Meeting. You can revoke your proxy or change your vote at any time prior to the Annual Meeting by giving written notice to the Secretary of the Company, specifying such revocation. You may also change your vote at the Annual Meeting by timely delivering a valid, later-dated proxy or voting instruction card or by submitting a later-dated vote by telephone or electronically on the Internet or by voting in person or via the virtual meeting platform. However, please note that if you would like to vote at the Annual Meeting and you are not the shareholder of record, you must request, complete and deliver a proxy from your broker, bank or other nominee. Whom can I contact if I have questions or need assistance in voting my shares? Please contact MacKenzie Partners, Inc., the firm assisting us in the solicitation of proxies, at: MacKenzie Partners, Inc. 1407 Broadway, 27th Floor New York, New York 10018 proxy@mackenziepartners.com Call Toll-Free: (800) 322-2885 or Collect/International: +1 (212) 929-5500 4 | 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents What are You Voting on? At the Annual Meeting, shareholders will be asked to elect ten (10) directors to serve on the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors has nominated Robert V. Pragada, Priya Abani, Diane M. Bryant, Michael Collins, Manny Fernandez, Vice Admiral Mary M. Jackson, Georgette D. Kiser, Robert A. McNamara, Louis V. Pinkham, and Julie A. Sloat for election as directors for 1-year terms expiring at the 2027 Annual Meeting. When elected, directors serve until their successors have been duly elected and qualified or until any such director s earlier resignation or removal. If, for any reason, any nominee is unable to serve or will not serve, proxies may be voted for such substitute nominee as the proxy holder may determine. The Company is not aware of any nominee who will be unable to or will not serve as a director. What is the Voting Requirement? Each director is elected by a majority of the votes cast with respect to such director in uncontested elections (i.e., the number of shares voted for a director nominee must exceed the number of shares voted against that nominee). The Company did not receive any shareholder nominations for any director and thus the election of directors at the Annual Meeting will be an uncontested election. Abstentions and broker non-votes are not counted for purposes of the election of directors and, therefore, will have no effect on the outcome of the election. The Board of Directors unanimously recommends that you vote FOR the election of each director nominee. Table of Contents Members of the Board of Directors Directors Independent Director Since Committee Membership* Audit Sustainability Risk (1) Human Resource Compensation (2) Nominating Corporate Governance Robert V. Pragada Chair and CEO 2023 Louis V. Pinkham (3) Lead Independent Director 2023 Priya Abani 2021 Diane M. Bryant (4) 2025 Michael Collins 2024 Manny Fernandez 2020 Chair Vice Admiral Mary M. Jackson 2024 Georgette D. Kiser 2019 Robert A. McNamara 2017 Chair Peter J. Robertson (5) 2009 Chair Julie A. Sloat 2023 Chair *Reflects Committee membership as of the Record Date. (1) It is anticipated that, effective as of the date of the Annual Meeting, the following changes will be made to the composition of the Sustainability and Risk Committee: (i) Mr. Robertson, upon his retirement from the Board, will no longer serve as a member, and (ii) Mr. Collins will be added as a member. (2) It is anticipated that, effective as of the date of the Annual Meeting, the following changes will be made to the composition of the Human Resource and Compensation Committee: (i) Mr. Robertson, upon his retirement from the Board, will no longer serve as the Chair or as a member and (ii) Mr. Collins will succeed Mr. Robertson as Chair. (3) Mr. Pinkham serves as Lead Independent Director and presides over meetings of the independent directors and is invited to attend each Committee meeting. (4) It is anticipated that Ms. Bryant will be appointed as a member of two committees of the Board as of the date of the Annual Meeting. (5) Mr. Robertson s term will expire on the date of the Annual Meeting, and he will not stand for re-election at the Annual Meeting. The following sections summarize the specific experience, qualifications and background information of each director nominee that led the Board of Directors to conclude that each such person should serve on the Board of Directors. 6 | 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Director Experience Matrix The following chart provides summary information about the skills and attributes of the Directors who are nominated for election at the 2026 Annual Meeting. More detailed information is provided in each director nominee s biography. Industry And Sector Experience Infrastructure Government Aerospace Military Financial Banking Manufacturing Environmental Technology Consumer manufacturing Consulting Healthcare Retail Industrial Products Engineering Construction Professional Services Energy Distribution Specialty Chemicals International Relations Public/Strategic Communications Product Development 2026 Proxy Statement | 7 Table of Contents Director Biographies AGE 57 DIRECTOR SINCE: 2023 CHAIR SINCE: 2024 Robert V. Pragada Chair and Chief Executive Officer Bob Pragada brings over 30 years of experience in international business leadership and military service to the Board. In January 2023, he succeeded Mr. Demetriou as the Chief Executive Officer of the Company and transitioned into the Chair position in 2024. Since joining Jacobs in 2006, he has held various leadership roles, including President and Chief Operating Officer from 2019 to 2023, and President of our former People Places Solutions and Global Industrial and Buildings Infrastructure Groups. Mr. Pragada has been instrumental in developing and executing the Company s business strategy, driving global integrated delivery of its operations, and differentiating Jacobs in the industry. He played a key role in the Company s portfolio transformation, including the acquisition and integration of CH2M Hill and majority ownership of PA Consulting. In his current role, appointed in January 2023, Mr. Pragada led the spin-off of Jacobs Critical Mission Solutions and Cyber Intelligence government services businesses, which was subsequently merged with Amentum, creating a new publicly traded entity in the government services sector. His broad leadership experience and deep knowledge of Jacobs are invaluable as the Company continues to position itself as a premier provider of science-based consulting and advisory solutions, addressing some of the world s most complex infrastructure and sustainability challenges. Business Experience Chair (2024 to present) and Chief Executive Officer of the Company (2023-present) Various leadership positions within the Company, including President and Chief Operating Officer (2006-2014, 2016-2023) President and Chief Executive Officer of the Brock Group (2014-2016) Chief Operating Officer of Kinetics (1999-2005) Civil Engineer Corps and Seabee Officer in U.S. Navy (1990-1999) Education BS in Systems Engineering from United States Naval Academy MS in Engineering and Management from Stanford University Other Public Company Boards Eaton Corporation plc (2021-present) Private Boards Community Involvement Director of PA Consulting Group Limited Board Director of U.S. Naval Academy Foundation Board Director of Dallas Regional Chamber (Chair, 2022) HIG Capital Board Advisor 8 | 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents INDEPENDENT LEAD INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR AGE 54 DIRECTOR SINCE: 2023 Louis Pinkham Chief Executive Officer, Member of Board of Directors at Regal Rexnord Corporation* Mr. Pinkham is the Chief Executive Officer of Regal Rexnord Corporation, a global leader in the engineering and manufacturing of automation sub-systems, industrial powertrain solutions, electric motors and air moving products, with approximately $6 billion in sales and 30,000 associates. His areas of focus are innovation and growth initiatives, including leading the 2021 RMT merger of Regal Beloit with Rexnord s Process Motion Control segment and the 2023 acquisition of Altra Industrial Motion Corporation. Mr. Pinkham brings over 20 years of experience in leadership, strategy and transformation. His experience is particularly valuable to the Board as the Company executes its operational transformation and its long-term business strategy. Business Experience Regal Rexnord Corporation, Chief Executive Officer and Member of the Board (2019-present) Crane Company, Senior Vice President (2014-2019); Group President (2012-2014) Eaton Corporation plc, Senior Vice President (2011-2012), Various Leadership Positions (1999-2011) Education BS in Engineering from Duke University MS in Engineering Management from Northwestern University MBA from the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University Other Public Company Boards Regal Rexnord Corporation (2019-present) Private Boards Community Involvement Board of Trustees at The University of Chicago Medical Center Board of Trustees at Manufacturers Alliance for Productivity and Innovation Member of the Chicago Economic Club, Commercial Club, and Civic Committee *On October 29, 2025, it was announced that Mr. Pinkham will depart from his role of CEO of Regal Rexnord by March 31, 2026. 2026 Proxy Statement | 9 Table of Contents INDEPENDENT AGE 50 DIRECTOR SINCE: 2021 BOARD COMMITTEES: AUDIT NOMINATING CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Priya Abani CEO President, Member of Board of Directors at AliveCor Ms. Abani is the Chief Executive Officer and President at AliveCor, a health technology company democratizing access to cardiac care from screening and diagnosis to treatment and management with AI-powered services and solutions. She has more than 20 years of experience building high-performing organizations, launching innovative products, and leading strategic alliances across industries. Under her leadership, AliveCor has built the largest AI-driven consumer subscription service for cardiovascular care, with its technology in the hands of more than 6.4 million people in nearly 40 countries around the world. She also led the company s recent growth into enterprise markets with reimbursed cardiac monitoring services for healthcare providers, partnerships with pharmaceutical companies and clinical research organizations to facilitate remote clinical trials and cardiac safety monitoring, and comprehensive heart health solutions for employers and payors. Ms. Abani was the recipient of The Outstanding 50 Asian Americans in Business Award by the Asian American Business Development Center in 2025 and recognized as one of the Fiercest Women in Life Sciences by Fierce Pharma in 2023. Her expertise is particularly valuable to the Board given the Company s focus on delivering technology-based solutions and innovations to its clients around the world. Business Experience AliveCor, Inc., CEO President, Member of Board of Directors (2019-present) Amazon.com, Inc., General Manager, Alexa Voice Service (2016-2019) Intel Corporation (Engineer, 1998-2001; Manager, 2002-2006, Senior Manager, 2008-2011; Senior Director 2012-2016) Education BE in Computer Engineering from VJTI, Mumbai, India MS in Computer Science from Clarkson University, NY MBA in Entrepreneurship, Babson College, Boston, MA Other Public Company Boards None Private Boards Community Involvement Director of AliveCor, Inc. Board of Trustees at TIAA Senior Advisor for President s Council on Jobs and Competitiveness (2011) 10 | 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents INDEPENDENT AGE 62 DIRECTOR SINCE: 2025 Diane M. Bryant Former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of NovaSignal Corp. Ms. Bryant recently served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of NovaSignal Corp., a medical technology and data company specializing in the assessment and management of brain health, from June 2020 until its acquisition in July 2023. She previously served as Chief Operating Officer of Google Cloud (cloud computing services) and, prior to Google Cloud, spent 32 years at Intel Corporation, where she held numerous leadership positions of increasing responsibility, including Group President of the Data Center Group. Ms. Bryant was named one of Fortune s 50 Most Powerful Women in Business in 2015 and 2016. She brings more than three decades of executive leadership in technology-driven solutions and business strategy development and execution to the Board. Business Experience NovaSignal Corporation, Chair and CEO (2020-2023) Alphabet, Chief Operating Officer (2017-2018) Intel Corporation Data Center Group (President (2017); EVP and GM (2016-2017); SVP and GM (2013-2016); VP and GM (2012-2013)); President and Chief Information Officer (2008-2012); VP and GM, Server Platforms Group (2005-2008); VP and Director, Corporate Platform Office (2004-2005); Director, Microprocessor Engineering (1998-2004; Various roles in Microprocessor Design and Engineering Management, 1985-1998) Education BS in Electrical Engineering from University of California, Davis Other Public Company Boards Haemonetics Corporation (2023 present) Broadcom Inc. (2019 to present) Private Boards Community Involvement Director of Celestial AI (2024 to present) Director of United Technologies Corporation (2017-2020) Chair of the Chancellor s Board of Advisors at the University of California, Davis 2026 Proxy Statement | 11 Table of Contents INDEPENDENT AGE 60 DIRECTOR SINCE: 2024 BOARD COMMITTEES* AUDIT HUMAN RESOURCE COMPENSATION Michael Collins Partner of Bain Company Mr. Collins joined the Board in September 2024. He is currently a Partner at Bain Company, a highly regarded global management and consulting firm, and previously served in numerous leadership roles, including as Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer. Over the course of his 30-plus year career at Bain Company, he has worked with management teams to develop and execute growth strategies, evaluate acquisitions and divestitures, improve capabilities and implement organizational change. He has assisted clients across numerous industries, including retail, consumer products, telecommunications, automotive and media and entertainment. He brings extensive experience in strategy, leadership and global management consulting to the Board. Business Experience Partner, Bain Company (1999 present); Chief Operating Officer (2021 2024); Chief Financial Officer (2012 2021); Managing Partner, Toronto and Chicago Offices (2003 2010); Partner in Retail, Consumer Products, and Strategy practices (1999 2012); Manager (1996 1998); Consultant (1993 1998) KPMG LLP (1987 1991) Education MBA from Harvard University BBA in Accounting from Loyola University Other Public Company Boards Cosi, Inc. (2013 2017) Private Boards Community Involvement The Bridgespan Group (2025 to present) Bain Company (2013 2024) A Better Chicago (2011 2020) Civic Consulting Alliance (2006 2025) * It is anticipated that effective as of the date of the Annual Meeting, Mr. Collins will succeed Mr. Robertson as Chair of the Human Resource and Compensation Committee and will become a member of the Sustainability and Risk Committee. 12 | 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents INDEPENDENT AGE 63 DIRECTOR SINCE: 2020 BOARD COMMITTEES AUDIT (CHAIR) SUSTAINABILITY RISK Manny Fernandez Former Managing Partner with KPMG LLP Mr. Fernandez brings more than 35 years of experience advising and serving large multi-national public companies in areas of business strategy, financial operations, enterprise risk management, M A, as well as talent management and acquisition. Mr. Fernandez was KPMG LLP s managing partner of the Dallas office and the Southwest region leader across audit, tax and consulting. His broad industry experience brings in-depth knowledge across a variety of sectors, including industrial manufacturing, consumer products, insurance, retail, media and professional services. Mr. Fernandez also brings a strong international business background, having lived and worked outside the U.S. during his career in Mexico City. Business Experience KPMG LLP (KPMG) (1984-2020; Partner 1996-2020) KPMG Managing Partner, Dallas (2009-2020) KPMG National Managing Partner, Talent Acquisition (2006-2009) Education BS in Accounting from Fairleigh Dickinson University Other Public Company Boards HF Sinclair Corp. (NYSE: DINO; 2020-present) Private Boards Community Involvement Director of Latino Corporate Directors Association (LCDA) Member of the American Institute of Public Accountants American Heart Association past Dallas Holocaust and Human Rights Museum past Dallas Regional Chamber of Commerce past Dallas National Golf Club past KERA (Dallas Public Television) past 2026 Proxy Statement | 13 Table of Contents INDEPENDENT AGE 59 Director Since: 2024 Board Committees AUDIT NOMINATING CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Vice Admiral Mary Jackson (U.S. Navy, Retired) Former Commander, Navy Installations Command Vice Admiral Jackson joined the Board in September 2024. During her more than three decades in the U.S. Navy, she led complex worldwide operations for shore installations, including infrastructure management and program governance, budgeting, supply chain management, human capital management, risk management and execution. Her extensive background in large scale global infrastructure management, combined with her vast knowledge of operational effectiveness, digital transformation and innovation, is of considerable benefit to the Board. Military and Business Experience Former Vice Admiral in the U.S. Navy (retired 2020) Navy Installations Command (2017 2020); Rear Admiral (2014 2017); Captain, Chief of Staff (2012 2014); Captain, Commanding Officer/Executive Officer (2009 2012); Commander, Commanding Officer, USS McFAUL (2006 2007) Numerous high-level command and staff positions within the U.S. Navy (1988 2020) Independent Advisor/Consultant: Principal, Desert Rose Navigator, LLC (2020 present) Education Bachelor of Science in Physics (Oceanography Emphasis) from United States Naval Academy Master of Engineering Management from George Washington University Other Public Company Boards Victory Capital Holdings, Inc. (2023 present) Custom Truck One Source (2022 present) Pacific Architects and Engineers (2021 2022) Private Boards Community Involvement Member of Executive Committee of Surface Navy Association National Board of Directors (2024 present) Director of Kaleris (2023 present) Director of Fincantieri Marine Systems North America (2022 present) Member of U.S. Naval Academy Foundation Board (2022 present) Director of Armada Topco Inc. (2021 present) 14 | 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents INDEPENDENT AGE 58 DIRECTOR SINCE: 2019 BOARD COMMITTEES HUMAN RESOURCE COMPENSATION NOMINATING CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Georgette D. Kiser Former Chief Information Officer and Managing Director at The Carlyle Group Ms. Kiser is an operating executive / independent advisor who helps lead due diligence and technical strategies across various private equity and venture capital firms. Previously, she was managing director and chief information officer (CIO) at The Carlyle Group, leading the firm s global technology and solutions organization and driving the IT strategies. From 1996 until 2015, she was with T. Rowe Price Associates, where she served as Vice President and Director of Enterprise Solutions and Capabilities where she headed Enterprise Solutions and Capabilities within the Services and Technology Organization. She led and managed teams that provided creative solutions and leveraged technology for investment front office, trading, and back office operations. Prior to T. Rowe Price, Ms. Kiser worked for General Electric within their Aerospace Unit. Ms. Kiser brings extensive experience in developing and executing business initiatives in financial services and defense organizations to the Board. Business Experience Operating Executive, The Carlyle Group (2019-Present) Broad Sky Partners (2021 Present) Chief Information Officer, Managing Director, The Carlyle Group (2015-2019) Vice President, T. Rowe Price Associates (1996-2015) Education BS in Mathematics from University of Maryland MBA from University of Baltimore Master of Science (MS) in Mathematics from Villanova Other Public Company Boards Aflac Inc. (2019-present) Adtalem Global Education (2018-present) NCR Corporation (2020-2024) Private Boards Community Involvement Director, Claritas (Data driven marketing company) (2018-Present) Advisor, Advancing Women Executives (AWE) (2022-present) Advisor, BusinessOptix (Automated business process company) (2020-Present) 2026 Proxy Statement | 15 Table of Contents INDEPENDENT AGE 71 DIRECTOR SINCE: 2017 BOARD COMMITTEES NOMINATING CORPORATE GOVERNANCE (CHAIR) SUSTAINABILITY RISK Robert A. McNamara Retired Group Chief Risk Officer of Lendlease Corporation (ASX) Mr. McNamara has over 35 years of experience managing global businesses in the development, design and delivery of projects in the government, institutional, infrastructure and industrial sectors in senior leadership positions. While at Lendlease, Mr. McNamara was responsible for ensuring Lendlease achieved world s best practices in risk management and operational excellence. He also oversaw Lendlease s Building, Engineering, and Services businesses in Australia. Prior to this role, Mr. McNamara was Chief Executive Officer, Americas of Lendlease. His extensive experience in global business management and delivery of infrastructure projects is of considerable value to the Board. Business Experience Group Chief Risk Officer, Lendlease Corporation (2014-2017) Chief Executive Officer, Americas of Lendlease (2010-2014) Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Penhall/LVI International (PLI) (2006-2010) Senior Group President of Fluor Corporation (1996-2006) President and Chief Operating Officer of Marshall Contractors (1977-1996) Education Bachelor s degree in Economics from Brown University Completed the Consortia 1 Program at Thunderbird International Business School Certification as a Public Board Director from the UCLA Anderson School of Management Other Public Company Boards UDR, Inc. (2014-present) Private Boards Community Involvement Past Board member of the US China Business Council Past Chairman for the Construction Industry Institute s Technology Implementation Task Force 16 | 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents INDEPENDENT AGE 56 DIRECTOR SINCE: 2023 BOARD COMMITTEES SUSTAINABILITY RISK (CHAIR) HUMAN RESOURCE COMPENSATION Julie A. Sloat Former President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board at American Electric Power Company, Inc. Ms. Sloat most recently served as the President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors at American Electric Power Company, Inc., an electric energy company with the nation s largest electric transmission network. She led the company s energy transition, expanding its renewable energy generation portfolio, and its development of new offerings. Ms. Sloat brings over 23 years of experience at American Electric Power leading multiple finance teams, including investor relations, serving as Chief Financial Officer, and serving as President and COO of AEP Ohio. Her leadership experience, in addition to her focus on fostering workplace culture, greatly contribute to the Company s focus on its strategy and its sustainability initiatives. Business Experience American Electric Power Company Inc., President, Chief Executive Officer, and Chair of the Board (2023-2024), President and Chief Financial Officer (2022), Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (2021-2022), Various Leadership Positions (1999-2008, 2009-2020, including AEP Ohio President COO 2016-2018) Vice President, Corporate Finance and Investor Relations at Tween Brands, Inc. (acquired by Dress Barn) (2008-2009) Analyst, Equity Research and Bank Debt Underwriter at Bank One Corporation (1995-1999) Senior Loan Analyst, M T Mortgage Corp (1993-1994) Education BS from Ohio State University MBA from Ohio State University MIT Dept of Nuclear Science Engineering Reactor Technology Course Other Public Company Boards TETRA Technologies Inc. (2025-present) American Electric Power Company Inc. (2023-2024) Evoqua Water Technologies Corporation (acquired by Xylem Inc.) (2022-2023) Park National Corporation (2015-2021) Private Boards Community Involvement Director, Foundation Board for The Arthur G. James Cancer Hospital and Richard J. Solove Research Institute; Former Chair Previously served on multiple non-profit boards 2026 Proxy Statement | 17 Table of Contents Corporate Governance Highlights Jacobs has a strong track record of integrity and corporate governance practices that promote thoughtful leadership by its officers and Board of Directors to facilitate profitable growth while strategically balancing risk to maximize long-term shareholder value. Below is a summary of certain information about our Board and the governance best practices employed by the Company for fiscal 2025. Our Board of Directors Below is some additional information about the Directors who are nominated for election at the 2026 Annual Meeting. Independence Gender Race/Ethnicity Other Backgrounds 6 Directors are current or former CEOs 7 Directors that have experience living and/or working abroad 2 Directors that are U.S. Veterans 2 of our directors are LGBTQ+ 59 Average age Range of Tenure 3 YEARS 6 3-5 YEARS 2 5 YEARS 2 Average board tenure 3 YEARS 18 | 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Board Refreshment Timeline 2026 Proxy Statement | 19 Table of Contents Our Corporate Governance Practices Commitment to Board Refreshment; Six New Independent Directors in Last Five Years All Directors Elected Annually with a Majority Voting Standard Highly Engaged and Empowered Lead Independent Director Sustainability Risk Committee Comprised of all Committee Chairs to Further Increase Oversight of Sustainability and Enterprise Risk Management Matters Rotated Committee Membership and Board Leadership in September 2024 Fully Independent Committees All Director Nominees are in Compliance with the Board s Overboarding Policy Codes of Ethics for Directors, Officers Employees Regular Self-Evaluations by Board and each Committee Periodic Board Educational Sessions in Connection with Regular Board Meetings Rigorous Director Selection Process Substantial Board Oversight of Strategic Objectives, Including Corporate Strategy, M A Activity and Capital Allocation Extensive Shareholder Engagement Efforts Anti-Corruption Compliance Training for Directors Robust Stock Ownership Guidelines for Directors and Executive Officers Adopted Proxy Access Bylaw in October 2022 Removed Super Majority Voting Requirement from Organizational Documents in January 2025 90% OF OUR FISCAL 2025 BOARD WERE INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS 99% DIRECTOR ATTENDANCE AT BOARD COMMITTEE MEETINGS IN FISCAL 2025 20 | 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents The Board s Role in Enterprise Risk Management Oversight The Board of Directors oversees the Company s approach to enterprise risk management ( ERM ), consistent with our purpose, values and strategy, which is designed to support the achievement of strategic objectives, improve organizational performance and enhance long-term shareholder value. In conjunction with management, the Board assesses the specific risks faced by the Company and reviews the steps taken by the Company s leadership to manage those risks. The Board also provides guidance to, and oversight of, management throughout the year with respect to setting the Company s corporate strategy, which facilitates and informs these assessments and reviews. The Board also encourages management to promote a corporate culture that integrates risk management into the Company s corporate strategy and day-to-day business operations in a way that is consistent with the Company s targeted risk profile. By way of this ERM framework, risk is assessed throughout the enterprise, focusing on risks arising out of various aspects of the Company s strategy and the implementation of that strategy, including financial, legal/compliance, operational, market, strategic, health and safety, IT security cyber, economic and geopolitical, talent/human capital, sustainability, technology and compensation risks. The Board also considers risk when evaluating proposed transactions and other matters presented to the Board and its committees, including acquisitions and strategic investments, divestitures, capital allocation and other financial matters. In addition, the independent directors discuss risk management topics during executive sessions without the Company s leadership present. The Sustainability and Risk Committee was formed as a standing committee of the Board in fiscal 2021 to further enhance the structure of the Board s oversight for Sustainability and ERM. The Sustainability and Risk Committee assists the Board in overall oversight of sustainability and ERM matters, with certain specified areas being allocated to the Board s other standing committees as noted below. To ensure coordination and collaboration among the Board s committees, the membership of the Sustainability and Risk Committee includes the Chairs of each of the Board s committees. Each of the committees is responsible for providing oversight in setting the strategy and approach for material risks and opportunities, including sustainability-related matters, disclosures and targets in their respective delegated areas. The specific risk areas of focus for the Board and each of its committees are summarized below. Primary Area of Risk Oversight Full Board Assesses risk throughout the enterprise Receives regular reports from the Sustainability and Risk Committee with respect to sustainability and ERM matters Focuses on risks arising out of various aspects of the Company s corporate strategy and the implementation of that strategy Considers risk when evaluating proposed transactions and other matters presented to the Board, including acquisitions and strategic investments, divestitures, capital allocation and other financial matters Receives regular reports from management as to cybersecurity threats and mitigation strategies Sustainability and Risk Committee Reviews the Company s overall sustainability strategy and oversees the Company s key sustainability initiatives and policies Monitors key developments, trends, and best practices in managing sustainability-related matters and makes recommendations to the Board and management Receives periodic reports from management on key sustainability trends, regulations, issues and risks affecting the Company, as well as the corresponding mitigation initiatives and controls Reports to the Board any significant current or emerging topics (if any) relating to sustainability matters that are expected to materially affect the business, operations, performance, or public image of the Company and actions taken in relation thereto Reviews the Company s key policies, procedures, and standards for identifying and managing Enterprise Risk Oversees deployment of the ERM framework and its risk measurement methodologies Reviews and discusses with senior management the key mitigation actions and measures taken by the Company to manage enterprise risk Monitors and advises management with respect to special litigation or regulatory matters Oversees management of risks related to emerging technologies, including artificial intelligence (AI) 2026 Proxy Statement | 21 Table of Contents Primary Area of Risk Oversight Audit Committee Reviews and discusses with management and the Company s independent registered public accounting firm any financial reporting issues and risks relating to the Company s financial statements and the adequacy of the Company s internal controls Receives regular briefings from the legal department and internal audit regarding hotline reports (to the extent not reported to another committee) and other material internal audits and findings Reviews internal controls and processes over material public disclosures related to sustainability, including with respect to the Company s key sustainability-related external disclosures and any related independent auditor or third-party assurance or verification In accordance with NYSE Rules, discusses with management the Company s policies and guidelines with respect to risk assessment and risk management, as well as the Company s major financial risk exposures and the steps taken to monitor and control such exposures Oversees risks posed by cybersecurity threats to the integrity of the Company s financial systems and compliance with cybersecurity related disclosures Human Resource and Compensation Committee Regularly reviews compensation practices and policies to consider whether they encourage excessive risk taking Reviews on an annual basis the assessment by the Company s executive officers of the risk associated with the Company s compensation programs covering its employees, including executives Provides oversight with respect to succession planning for the CEO and other senior executives, monitors other key talent initiatives of the Company Oversees and monitors the Company s qualified and non-qualified benefit plans, including governance for such plans Reviews matters relating to human capital management, including human resource related metrics used by the Company and any related public disclosures Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Oversees risks associated with the independence of directors and Board nominees Assists the Board in overseeing the activities with respect to ethics and compliance and business practice matters, including the Company s corporate governance policies and Code of Ethics Provides oversight in setting strategy and approach for corporate governance and shareholder rights, ethics and compliance, charitable giving and political donations Special Committees Formed by the Board from time to time to evaluate and provide oversight with respect to specific matters or initiatives Pursuant to the Board s instruction, the Company s leadership regularly reports on applicable risks to the relevant Committee or the Board, as appropriate, including regular reports on significant Company projects, with additional review or reporting on risks being conducted as needed or as requested by the Board and its Committees. The Company s Chief Legal and Administrative Officer, Vice President, Head of Sustainability, Vice President, Head of Enterprise Risk, and Director, Enterprise Risk Management, also work closely with the management team to develop effective risk management strategies and practices. Cybersecurity Governance Highlights Cybersecurity is an important and integrated part of our enterprise risk management program that identifies, monitors and mitigates business, operational and legal risks. Our cybersecurity risk management process is embedded within our overall risk management framework, sharing common methodologies, reporting channels and governance processes that span legal, compliance, strategic, operational and financial risk domains. We recognize the importance of maintaining the trust and confidence of our customers, contractors, partners, and employees. Accordingly, we maintain a cybersecurity program, designed to proactively identify, assess, manage, mitigate, and respond to cybersecurity threats. This program is developed, implemented and maintained by our Cybersecurity Organization and is documented in our global cybersecurity policy. Our cybersecurity controls are based on recognized best practices and standards, including alignment with the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) Cybersecurity Framework (CSF) and the ISO/IEC 27001 Information Security Management System Requirements. We are proud to maintain ISO 27001 certification for our global enterprise, demonstrating our commitment to international standards of information security. Additionally, we maintain Cybersecurity Maturity Model Certification (CMMC) Level 2. 22 | 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents We regularly assess the threat landscape and employ a layered cybersecurity strategy focused on prevention, detection and mitigation. Our program includes assessment protocols for evaluating potential cybersecurity impacts and risks, supported by robust incident response procedures. We utilize systematic processes, such as cybersecurity audits, network interconnectivity controls, system access monitoring, and data backup and recovery mechanisms. Our cloud environments undergo continuous assessment, supported by firewall and backup systems designed to promote operational resilience. We implement a Zero Trust Security framework that requires identity verification for network access, complemented by regular system assessments and monitoring. This posture promotes rigorous network, data, and identity security protocols, so that access is granted based on the principle of least privilege. By requiring continuous verification of user identity and device integrity before allowing access to resources, we reduce the risk of unauthorized access and enhance our ability to detect and respond to potential threats across our enterprise environment. Our security controls include identity management programs, data loss prevention protocols, and advanced threat detection capabilities. These controls are regularly reviewed and updated based on threat intelligence to promote adaptability to emerging threats. Our incident response program is also routinely tested and updated. To promote organization-wide security awareness, annual cybersecurity training is mandatory for all employees. Cybersecurity awareness is also integrated into other training programs, including our annual Living our Values training modules and privacy training. Third-party risk management is a critical component of our security strategy. We maintain oversight of service providers through proactive monitoring, leveraging cybersecurity questionnaires and security and privacy addendums to our contracts where applicable. We evaluate third party providers for effective security management programs, and compliance with information handling protocols, and require prompt notification of known or suspected cyber incidents. To validate our security posture, we engage independent external parties for regular penetration testing, security audits, and cybersecurity consulting services. Our IT General Controls (ITGC) undergo annual testing through Sarbanes-Oxley audits, which examine security controls related to system changes, access management, system configurations, and data backup processes. Our Board of Directors has ultimate oversight of cybersecurity and information security risk, which it manages as part of our enterprise risk management program. Specifically, the Audit Committee, as it pertains to cybersecurity threats to the integrity of the Company s financial systems and compliance with cybersecurity related disclosures, and the Sustainability and Risk Committee, as it pertains to cybersecurity as part of the Company s enterprise risk, assist the Board in overseeing our cybersecurity risk exposures and the steps taken by management to monitor and mitigate these risks, and report to the Board. Our senior executives, including our Chief Information Security Officer ( CISO ), provide regular briefings to the full Board, the Audit Committee and the Sustainability and Risk Committee. These presentations cover technology trends, regulatory developments, legal issues, threat assessments, and ongoing security measures. The Board, the Audit Committee and the Sustainability and Risk Committee regularly discuss cybersecurity and information security risks with our senior executives. As part of our cybersecurity governance, we also utilize a Cybersecurity Steering Committee comprised of executive management, operational leaders, and cross-functional teams. Generally, this committee meets quarterly, or more frequently as appropriate, to review, assess and direct decisions related to cybersecurity and information systems matters. Our cybersecurity program is led by our CISO, who reports to our Chief Information Officer ( CIO ). Our CISO monitors prevention, detection, mitigation, and remediation efforts through communication with experienced information security professionals and external consultants. Our CISO holds several certifications, including Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP), Certified Ethical Hacker (CEH), FINRA Series 99, and Oracle Cloud Certified Professional (OCP). Our CISO and CIO regularly report directly to the Board, the Audit Committee, and the Sustainability and Risk Committee on our cybersecurity efforts and incident response procedures. In fiscal 2025, senior executives provided three briefings on cybersecurity and information security to the full Board, in addition to periodic briefings on specific cyber incidents. 2026 Proxy Statement | 23 Table of Contents Oversight of Emerging Technologies The Jacobs Board of Directors oversees risks and opportunities associated with emerging technologies, including artificial intelligence (AI), through its Sustainability and Risk Committee, which is responsible for the oversight of enterprise risk management. The Audit Committee provides additional oversight of technology-related risks in financial reporting and internal controls, while the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee monitors evolving governance standards and regulatory developments. Management regularly updates the Board and its committees on Jacobs AI strategy, risk assessments, and compliance efforts. In 2025, Jacobs formalized its internal AI Governance Framework, including guiding principles for responsible AI use, a cross-functional AI Governance Council, and targeted training programs. This approach reflects Jacobs commitment to ethical products and services innovation, transparency, and alignment with our purpose, values and Code of Conduct. Board Leadership Structure The Board s current leadership is comprised of: Chair of the Board and CEO: Robert V. Pragada Lead Independent Director: Louis V. Pinkham Committee: Audit (Manny Fernandez, Chair), Sustainability and Risk (Julie A. Sloat, Chair), Human Resource and Compensation (Peter J. Robertson, Chair), and Nominating and Corporate Governance (Robert A. McNamara, Chair). The Chairs and all members of each Committee are independent. In a process led by the Lead Independent Director and the Chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, the Board evaluates the appointment and role of the Chair on an annual basis. The Board does not have a policy on whether the positions of Chief Executive Officer and Chair of the Board should be combined. During fiscal 2025, the roles of Chief Executive Officer and Chair were combined, with Mr. Pragada serving as Chair of the Board and Chief Executive Officer. The Board has determined that having Mr. Pragada serve as Chair provides significant advantages to the Board and the Company, as it allows the Board to benefit from his knowledge of the Company s business and market opportunities and risks and facilitates communications and relations with other members of senior leadership and clients. The Board also believes that having Mr. Pragada serve as Chair is advantageous to the Company when working with clients in certain areas of the world in which the title of Chair is significant. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines provide that the Board will have a Lead Independent Director, to be designated by the Board from among the non-management directors, for as long as the positions of Chair and Chief Executive Officer are held by the same individual, or to the extent they are separate, and the Chair is not an independent director. Further, the Board believes that strong independent leadership is a critical aspect of effective corporate governance. Accordingly, during fiscal 2025, Mr. Louis V. Pinkham served as Lead Independent Director. The Board believes that a Lead Independent Director provides independent leadership, oversight and benefits for the Company and the Board that would be provided by an independent Chair, including by working with the Human Resource and Compensation Committee and the Chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee to evaluate the performance and compensation of the Chair and Chief Executive Officer. Serving as the independent directors central point of communication with the Chair and Chief Executive Officer and working with the Chair and Chief Executive Officer to support appropriate compliance with Board policies; Proactively engaging with the Chair and Chief Executive Officer as a key advisor on emerging issues and alternative courses of action; Staying up-to-date about the organization and determining when an issue needs to be brought to the attention of the full Board or a committee; Presiding at meetings of the Board at which the Chair and Chief Executive Officer is not present, including executive sessions of the independent directors, and advising the Chair and Chief Executive Officer on decisions reached and suggestions made during any session where he or she is not present; 24 | 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Reviewing and discussing the schedule of Board meetings and meeting agendas (including framing the issues for Board consideration and setting and approving the Board agenda) with the Chair and Chief Executive Officer from time to time as appropriate; Calling meetings of the independent directors; Working with the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, the Chair and Chief Executive Officer on the Board succession and refreshment process, including interviewing director candidates and making recommendations to the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and the Board; If requested by significant shareholders, being reasonably available for consultation and direct communication; Maintaining an effective and balanced Board dynamic and leading the evaluation of individual directors in consultation with the Chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee; and Meeting with various Company constituencies on behalf of the Board or the Company. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee leads the process of the Board s evaluation of the selection, role and term of the Lead Independent Director. Board Composition The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is responsible for the annual review, with the Board, of the appropriate skills and characteristics required of members in the context of the current make-up of the Board. This process enables the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee to update the skills and experience it seeks in the Board as a whole, and in individual directors, as the Company s needs evolve. This assessment takes into consideration all factors deemed relevant by the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, including the following factors: Independence: The Board must be comprised of a majority of independent directors. Relevant Skills and Experience: The assessment of skills and characteristics of Board members takes into account all skills and experience deemed relevant by the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, including those summarized in the Director Experience Matrix on page 7. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee also evaluates each candidate s integrity, independence, leadership experience, judgment, knowledge, professional experience, background, availability and other relevant factors to develop an informed opinion of the candidate s qualifications and ability and commitment to meeting the Board s expectations for directors. For incumbent directors, past performance on the Board of Directors and its Committees is also taken into consideration. For new director candidates, the assessment also takes into account the ability and willingness of the director candidate to serve on the Board for a minimum of 5 to 7 years. Different Viewpoints, Backgrounds, Experiences and Perspectives: The Board believes it should encompass individuals with a robust mix of viewpoints, backgrounds, experiences and perspectives. Recognizing that the overall composition of the Board is essential to the effective functioning of the Board, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee considers the mix of viewpoints, backgrounds, experiences, perspectives and other attributes in evaluating the composition of the Board and considering potential director candidates so as to achieve an appropriate mix of viewpoints, backgrounds, experiences and perspectives. In addition, the Company does not have age or tenure limits for directors, but instead evaluates the need for changes to Board composition based on an analysis of skills and experience necessary for the Company, as well as the results of director evaluations. The Board of Directors and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee consider the backgrounds, qualifications and attributes of directors and director candidates individually, as well as in the broader context of the Board s overall composition and the Company s current and future needs, to ensure that the Board as a whole possesses the requisite combination of skills and professional experience and a robust mix of viewpoints, backgrounds, experiences and perspectives. 2026 Proxy Statement | 25 Table of Contents Independence of Directors The Board of Directors has adopted the Board of Directors Guidelines for Determining the Independence of its Members, which are accessible by following the link to Investors Governance Corporate Governance Documents on the Company s website at www.jacobs.com. The Board of Directors has affirmatively determined that, other than Mr. Pragada, each person who served as a member of the Board of Directors during fiscal 2025 and each director nominee is independent under Section 303A.02 of the New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE ) listed company manual and the Company s independence guidelines. Each member of each Committee of the Board is also independent (as defined by the applicable NYSE rules). In addition, as further required by the NYSE s listed company manual and the Company s Independence Guidelines, the Board of Directors has made an affirmative determination that no material relationship exists between any independent director and the Company (either directly or as a partner, shareholder or officer of an organization that has a relationship with the Company). In making this determination, the Board considered all relevant relationships, whether immaterial or material, between any director and the Company, as further described below. Ms. Sloat previously served as the President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of American Electric Power Company Inc. ( AEP ). Select regulated electric utility subsidiaries of AEP have obtained transmission-related services from the Company. The payments made to the Company for these services in each of the past three fiscal years was substantially less than the greater of 2% of the consolidated gross revenues of AEP and $1 million. After a review of the facts, using its business judgment, the Board of Directors determined that this relationship did not compromise the independence of Ms. Sloat. Director Nominations The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is responsible for recommending the selection of director nominees to the Board. Once potential candidates are identified, including those candidates nominated by shareholders and/or identified by outside advisors or search firms, the Chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, the Lead Independent Director and the Chair and CEO review the backgrounds of those candidates with the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. Final candidates are then chosen and interviewed by other independent directors. Based on these interviews, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee then makes its recommendation to the Board of Directors. If the Board of Directors approves the recommendation, the candidate is nominated for election. The Company s Bylaws also provide for shareholder nominations of directors and a proxy access right for shareholders. Please see the requirements described below under Shareholders Proposals for additional information about these procedures. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee considers director candidates recommended by shareholders in accordance with these procedures in the same manner as it considers other candidates. 26 | 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Committees of the Board of Directors The Board of Directors four standing committees are: the Audit Committee, the Sustainability and Risk Committee, the Human Resource and Compensation Committee (the Compensation Committee ) and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. From time to time the Board forms special committees to provide oversight and approve specific matters. Audit Committee Members:* Manny Fernandez (Chair) Priya Abani Vice Admiral Mary Jackson Michael Collins * Each member is independent and financially literate and qualifies as an audit committee financial expert Primary responsibilities include monitoring and overseeing the: Integrity of the Company s financial statements Independent auditor s qualifications and independence Performance of the Company s internal audit function and independent auditors Compliance by the Company with legal and regulatory requirements Controls and processes over material sustainability data reporting, including with respect to the Company s key sustainability-related external disclosures and any related independent auditor or third-party assurance or verification Meetings in Fiscal 2025: 4 Committee Member Attendance: 100% Committee Charter: The Audit Committee s current charter is available by following the links to Investors Governance Committee Composition on the Company s website at www.jacobs.com or upon written request, as described below under Corporate Governance Availability of Documents. Sustainability and Risk Committee Members:* (1) Julie A. Sloat (Chair) Manny Fernandez Robert A. McNamara Peter J. Robertson * Each member is independent Primary responsibilities include reviewing and overseeing the Company s: Overall sustainability strategy and overseeing the Company s key sustainability initiatives and policies Key enterprise-wide sustainability metrics, targets, key performance indicators and related goals ERM strategy and its policies, procedures, and standards for identifying and managing Enterprise Risk Deployment of its ERM framework and risk measurement methodologies Meetings in Fiscal 2025: 4 Committee Member Attendance: 94% (1) Mr. Peter Robertson s term will expire on the date of the Annual Meeting, and he will not stand for re-election at the Annual Meeting. As such, effective as of the date of the Annual Meeting, Mr. Robertson will no longer serve as a member of the Sustainability Risk Committee. It is also anticipated that, effective as of the date of the Annual Meeting, Mr. Collins will be added as a member of the Committee. Committee Charter: The Sustainability and Risk Committee s current charter is available by following the links to Investors Governance Committee Composition on the Company s website at www.jacobs.com or upon written request, as described below under Corporate Governance Availability of Documents. 2026 Proxy Statement | 27 Table of Contents Human Resource and Compensation Committee Members:* (1) Peter J. Robertson (Chair) Michael Collins Julie A. Sloat Georgette D. Kiser * Each member is independent. Primary responsibilities include: Reviewing, recommending, and governing all compensation and benefits policies for executive officers Approving and overseeing policy and protocol involved in the granting of all equity compensation Overseeing the design and administration of the Company s employee benefit plans Reviewing and recommending succession plans for executive officer positions, including the CEO Overseeing the adoption and administration of key human resources processes and programs Oversight of human capital management, including inclusion and belonging, and other matters delegated from the Sustainability Risk Committee, including sustainability and/or risk related aspects of the Company s annual incentive program, if any, and any related public disclosures Meetings in Fiscal 2025: 5 Committee Member Attendance: 100% (1) Mr. Robertson s term will expire on the date of the Annual Meeting, and he will not stand for re-election at the Annual Meeting. As such, effective as of the date of the Annual Meeting, Mr. Robertson will no longer serve as the Chair or a member of the Human Resource Compensation Committee. It is also anticipated that, effective as of the date of the Annual Meeting, Mr. Collins will succeed Mr. Robertson as the Chair of the Committee. Committee Charter: The Compensation Committee s current charter is available by following the links to Investors Governance Committee Composition on the Company s website at www.jacobs.com or upon written request, as described below under Corporate Governance Availability of Documents. Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation: During the last completed fiscal year, no member of the Compensation Committee was an officer or employee of the Company, was a former officer of the Company, nor had a relationship with the Company requiring disclosure as a related party transaction under Item 404 of Regulation S-K. None of the Company s executive officers served on the compensation committee or board of directors of another entity whose executive officer(s) served as a member of the Company s Board of Directors or on the Compensation Committee. Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Members:* Robert A. McNamara (Chair) Priya Abani Vice Admiral Mary Jackson Georgette D. Kiser * Each member is independent Primary responsibilities include: Identifying for the Board of Directors qualified candidates to serve as directors of the Company Establishing and making recommendations to the Board regarding corporate governance policies, principles and guidelines Overseeing the Annual Self-Evaluation of the Board Establishing and recommending to the Board outside director compensation Overseeing the Company s ethics and compliance programs Overseeing matters delegated from the Sustainability Risk Committee Meetings in Fiscal 2025: 4 Committee Member Attendance: 100% Committee Charter: The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee s current charter is available by following the links to Investors Governance Committee Composition on the Company s website at www.jacobs.com or upon written request, as described below under Corporate Governance Availability of Documents. 28 | 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Corporate Governance Guidelines The Company monitors developments in the area of corporate governance and routinely reviews its processes and procedures in light of such developments. The Company believes that it has procedures and practices in place which are designed to enhance and protect the interests of its shareholders. The Board of Directors has approved Corporate Governance Guidelines for the Company, which are reviewed and updated on an annual basis. The Board also utilizes outside legal counsel to provide training and advice on governance matters. The Corporate Governance Guidelines are available by following the links to Investors Governance Corporate Governance Documents on the Company s website at www.jacobs.com or upon written request, as described below under Corporate Governance Availability of Documents. The Corporate Governance Guidelines address the following matters: The role of the Board to provide oversight, counseling and direction to the Company s leadership in the interest of the Company and its shareholders Frequency of meetings of the Board (4-5 regular meetings per year) The requirement that the Board of Directors be comprised of a majority of independent directors Guidelines for evaluating and nominating director nominees, including relevant skills, experience qualifications, backgrounds and perspectives The requirement that the standing Committees of the Board of Directors be comprised entirely of independent directors The requirement that directors attend all regularly scheduled Board and Committee meetings in person or by videoconference unless required by illness or other extenuating circumstances Executive sessions of the Board of Directors wherein independent directors meet as a group without the presence of management directors Orientation for new directors and continuing education for Board members The selection, roles and responsibilities of the Chair and CEO and the Lead Independent Director The requirement that the performance of the Chair and CEO be evaluated annually and reviewed by the independent directors Succession planning Regular Board self-evaluations Other matters uniquely germane to the work and responsibilities of the Board of Directors Guidelines for determining director independence Director and executive officer stock ownership guidelines Conflicts of interests Majority voting in uncontested elections of directors Limitations on the number of public company boards on which independent directors may serve to four (including the Company s Board), unless such independent director is also the CEO of another public company, in which case, such director may only serve on two public boards (including the Company s Board) Committees of the Board, including assignment of directors to committees and appointment of committee chairs Director Education The Board recognizes the importance of director continuing education and is committed to provide such education to enhance both Board and Committee performance. Accordingly, as noted in the Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines, the Company regularly provides the Board with education programs, presentations and briefings on topics relevant to the Company, its business and risk profile, including periodic educational sessions in connection with regular Board meetings. All directors are members of the National Association of Corporate Directors. In addition, each year the Board engages a third-party expert to host an educational program for members of the Board on matters relevant to the Company or relating to duties and responsibilities of directors. Directors are also encouraged to attend at least one outside educational program each year on any subjects pertaining to the directors responsibilities such as directors colleges. Additionally, newly elected directors must participate in the Company s orientation program for new directors. 2026 Proxy Statement | 29 Table of Contents Management Succession Planning and Development The Board is committed to positioning Jacobs for further growth through ongoing talent management, succession planning and the deepening of our leadership bench strength. The Board has assigned to the Compensation Committee, as set forth in its charter, the responsibility to oversee the succession plans relating to the executive officers of the Company, including the CEO, and to recommend to the Board, with respect to succession planning, the selection of individuals for executive officer positions. Additionally, the Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines require that the CEO report at least annually to the Compensation Committee and the Board on succession planning for the executive officers, other than CEO, and to make available, on a continuing basis, his or her recommendations concerning who is qualified to assume the role of CEO in the event the CEO becomes unable to perform his or her duties. Our emergency succession planning is intended to enable the Company to respond to unexpected position vacancies, including those resulting from a major catastrophe, natural disaster or other impactful event by continuing the Company s safe and sound operation and minimizing potential disruption or loss of continuity to the Company s business and operations. Annual Board and Committee Evaluations The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, together with the Lead Independent Director, coordinates regular Board performance evaluations. These evaluations are conducted through a combination of formal and informal processes, including the following, among others: The Board regularly conducts a self-evaluation of its performance. The Lead Independent Director and/or the Chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee periodically conduct one-on-one interviews with directors regarding Board effective