=== J_2025-11-20.htm.gz ===
Item 1A- Risk Factors below. We undertake no obligation to release publicly any revisions or updates to any forward-looking statements. We encourage you to read carefully the risk factors described herein and in other documents we file from time to time with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"). Page 3 Unless the context otherwise requires, all references herein to "Jacobs" or the "Registrant" are to Jacobs Solutions Inc. and its predecessors, and references to the "Company", "we", "us" or "our" are to Jacobs Solutions Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. On August 29, 2022, Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. (JEGI), the predecessor to Jacobs Solutions Inc., implemented a holding company structure, which resulted in Jacobs Solutions Inc. becoming the parent company of, and successor issuer to, JEGI (the "Holding Company Reorganization"). For purposes of this Annual Report, references to the "Company", "we", "us" or "our" or "our management" or "our business" at any point prior to August 29, 2022 (the "Holding Company Implementation Date") refer to JEGI and its consolidated subsidiaries as the predecessor to Jacobs Solutions Inc. On September 27, 2024, Jacobs Solutions Inc. ("Jacobs") completed the previously announced Reverse Morris Trust transaction pursuant to which (i) Jacobs first transferred its Critical Mission Solutions business ( CMS ) and portions of the Divergent Solutions ( DVS ) business (referred to herein as the Cyber Intelligence business ( C I ) and together with CMS referred to as the SpinCo Business ), to Amazon Holdco Inc., a Delaware corporation, which has been renamed Amentum Holdings, Inc. ( SpinCo ) (the Separation ), (ii) Jacobs then effectuated a spin-off of SpinCo by distributing 124,084,108 shares of SpinCo common stock, par value $0.01 per share (the SpinCo Common Stock ) by way of a pro rata distribution to its shareholders such that each holder of shares of Jacobs common stock, par value $1.00 per share (the Jacobs Common Stock ) was entitled to receive one share of SpinCo Common Stock for each share of Jacobs common stock held as of the record date, September 23, 2024 (the Distribution ), and (iii) finally, Amentum Parent Holdings LLC merged with and into SpinCo, with SpinCo surviving the merger (the Merger and together with the Separation and the Distribution, the Separation Transaction ). The surviving entity of the Transaction is now an independent public company with common stock listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol AMTM ( Amentum ). The financial results of the SpinCo Business are reflected in our Consolidated Statements of Earnings as discontinued operations for all periods presented. For further information regarding separation activities that took place in fiscal 2025, see Note 14- Discontinued Operations of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements beginning on page F-1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Item 1. BUSINESS Guided by our values and our brand promise Challenging today. Reinventing tomorrow Jacobs delivers innovative solutions to address the world s most complex challenges and create lasting value for clients, communities and society. With a global team of approximately 43,000, we provide end-to-end capabilities across advanced manufacturing, cities places, energy, environmental, life sciences, transportation and water. Our services span advisory and consulting, feasibility and planning, through to design, program delivery and lifecycle management helping to create a more connected and sustainable world. From addressing water scarcity and aging infrastructure to access to life-saving therapies and cyber resilience, we combine creativity, agility and deep domain expertise to deliver outcomes that matter. Our integrated approach enables clients to meet urgent needs today while preparing for the opportunities of tomorrow. Over the past eight years, Jacobs has transformed into a science-based consulting and advisory leader, focused on delivering digitally enabled, resilient solutions to complex sustainability, critical infrastructure and advanced manufacturing challenges. Strategic acquisitions, including a 65% stake in PA Consulting Group Limited ("PA Consulting") in fiscal 2021, along with BlackLynx and StreetLight have strengthened our capabilities in high-value technology-enabled solutions. Challenge accepted In February 2025, we launched Challenge Accepted , our multi-year growth strategy designed to sharpen our focus and accelerate our performance. Aligned with our long-term financial framework, this strategy positions us to drive profitable growth and deliver scalable, full lifecycle solutions across water and environmental, life sciences and advanced manufacturing, and critical infrastructure. Page 4 As global challenges like urbanization, infrastructure modernization, digital evolution and environmental resilience intensify, our integrated delivery model unites the full breadth of our capabilities from strategy through execution across our end markets. This synergy enables us to deliver rapid, large-scale outcomes that anticipate evolving client needs and advance a more resilient, sustainable future where technology elevates human ingenuity and unlocks new possibilities for collaboration and problem-solving. We harness our advanced data and digital capabilities, products and tools to help clients operate more efficiently, safely and intelligently. Through the expertise of our people and ongoing investment in artificial intelligence (AI) and next-generation digital solutions, we empower our clients' decision-making across the entire asset lifecycle from capital planning and operations to cybersecurity and operational technology. Our capabilities in data analytics, digital architecture, advisory and transformation, software development and cybersecurity enable clients to unlock the full value of their data and digital infrastructure to improve performance, resilience and sustainability. Through our strategic partnership with PA Consulting, we are expanding our high-end advisory services and deploying our collective strengths to help clients adapt, innovate and transform. Together, we deliver integrated support across the full project lifecycle from early-stage strategy to implementation enabling clients to tackle complex challenges, accelerate sustainable growth and shape a smarter, more resilient future. A streamlined, focused business Prior to the Separation Transaction, the Company's four operating segments were comprised of its two global lines of business ("LOBs"): Critical Mission Solutions ("CMS") and People Places and Solutions ("P PS"), its business unit Divergent Solutions ("DVS") and its majority investment in PA Consulting. After the Separation in fiscal year 2024, we reorganized P PS and our remaining DVS businesses into a more streamlined operating model, Infrastructure Advanced Facilities ("I AF"), which enables our collective business teams to collaborate more horizontally. Our CMS LOB and portions of DVS which were included in the Separation are now reported as discontinued operations. Our Values in Action Jacobs' Ethics and Code of Conduct, rooted in our values, set clear standards and support to guide decision-making and ensure we conduct our business with integrity. At Jacobs, sustainability means delivering thoughtful solutions that meet today s needs while enabling economies, communities and the environment to thrive in the future. Our PlanBeyond sustainable business approach aligns with our purpose to create a more connected, sustainable world. This approach has strengthened client relationships, aiming to create new opportunities and embed resilience into our global strategy. Building on this foundation, PlanBeyond 2025+ focuses on transparency, measurable outcomes and trusted delivery, guiding our path forward with our stakeholders, including our clients, partners and people. Driving positive impact Operating in more than 40 countries, we view sustainability and resilience as key differentiators and drivers of impact. Demand for solutions that address complex, interconnected challenges continues to grow across infrastructure, energy, advanced manufacturing and health. By embedding sustainability into our solutions, we help clients businesses and assets remain resilient. In fiscal 2025, we launched our Evolve tool, which generates recommendations to integrate sustainability into our projects to enhance their positive impact and resilience. Complimentary tools like Climate Risk Manager , Kaleidoscope and Intelligent O M assess climate risks, carbon impacts and system vulnerabilities to inform critical project decisions. We deliver cross-cutting solutions across seven interconnected capabilities: decarbonization greenhouse gas management; adaptation resilience; sustainable built environments; sustainable business; social value; nature positive; and energy transition. Together, these enable systems-level impact for clients and communities worldwide. Page 5 Transparency and accountability We are committed to leading by example in our own operations advancing a suite of strategic actions to reduce our carbon footprint. Our current commitment, including sourcing 100% renewable electricity and our net-zero target validated by the Science Based Targets initiative, underscore our progress across our operations and supply chain. We have invested in technology to enhance virtual collaboration and help mitigate business travel and employee commuting carbon emissions. We also invested in tools and technology to help our people consider when business travel is essential and make more sustainable choices when it is necessary. As businesses worldwide experience increasing stakeholder expectations and sustainability regulatory requirements, corporate transparency and accountability remains central. We report on our sustainability performance and corporate responsibility initiatives in accordance with globally recognized frameworks when required by applicable regulations, or, in the absence of mandated standards, we follow widely accepted market practices. Positively impacting tomorrow s communities We work globally with our clients, partners and supply chains to deliver solutions that seek to improve how people live, move and thrive, aiming to foster health and well-being for all occupants, promoting a sustainable and thriving future. We invest in local communities globally, collaborating with charities and not-for-profit organizations to make a positive impact and live our values. Through Collectively , our global giving and volunteering program, we empower employees to support causes aligned to our values, through paid volunteer time, donation matching and grant nomination. In fiscal 2025, our employees mobilized support for communities, including those impacted by natural disasters, water insecurity and conflict. For example, in 2025 a team of 10 Jacobs volunteers partnered with non-profit Bridges to Prosperity to build a suspended bridge across Rwanda s Gatongati River our 17th bridge build providing safe, year-round access to education, healthcare, markets and other essential services for more than 8,300 people. We also invest in the next generation through our science, technology, engineering, arts and mathematics (STEAM) education and engagement programs promoting sustainability learning among young people and providing information to inspire future careers in STEAM. In 2025, Jacobs sponsored the International Science and Engineering Fair a premier global competition engaging students from more than 300 affiliated science fairs worldwide and advancing the future talent pipeline. In fiscal 2025, we donated over $2.9 million to 2,300+ charities across 34 countries. Our employees tracked more than 7,000 volunteer hours including nearly 4,000 STEAM volunteer hours. Social value advisory in our client solutions We also deliver social value strategies and services that help clients realize social value opportunities through their projects and services by embedding and measuring social, economic and environmental benefit generation into project delivery. Our fully owned subsidiary, Simetrica-Jacobs, specializes in social value, wellbeing research and impact evaluation measuring and quantifying social value and impacts to help directly inform investment decisions and delivery models. Simetrica-Jacobs deploys internationally endorsed methods set out by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development and government-produced guidelines, including the U.K. Government s HM Treasury Green Book. By combining this expertise with our infrastructure delivery, we help clients understand how they can transform local decision-making, shape inclusive investments and create lasting social change. We maintain agile and disciplined capital deployment M A and Divestitures Consistent with our profitable growth strategy, Jacobs pursues acquisitions, divestitures, strategic investments and other transactions to maximize long-term value by continuing to reshape our portfolio to higher value solutions and accelerating profitable growth strategy. The Company has recently made the following acquisitions, strategic investments and divestitures: Page 6 On September 27, 2024, Jacobs completed the Separation Transaction, pursuant to which it spun off its CMS and C I businesses and then subsequently merged those businesses with Amentum Parent Holdings LLC. Amentum, the surviving entity of the Separation Transaction, is now an independent public company with common stock listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol AMTM . For further information regarding separation activities that took place in fiscal 2025, see Note 14- Discontinued Operations of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements beginning on page F-1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. On March 2, 2021, Jacobs completed the strategic investment of a 65% interest in PA Consulting, a U.K.-based leading innovation and transformation consulting firm. Share Repurchases During fiscal 2025, the Company repurcha s ed $754.1 million in shar es. Shareholder Dividends During fiscal 2025, the Com pany paid dividends of $0.29 per share in the first quarter and $0.32 per share in the second, third and fourth quarters. Page 7 Operating Segments The services we provided to our end markets in fiscal 2025 fall into the following two operating segments: 1) Infrastructure Advanced Facilities and 2) our majority investment in PA Consulting. For additional information regarding our segments, including information about our financial results by segment and financial results by geography, see Note 19- Segment Information of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements beginning on page F-1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Infrastructure Advanced Facilities (I AF) In fiscal 2025, Jacobs' Infrastructure Advanced Facilities business provided end-to-end solutions for our clients most complex challenges related to energy security, environmental resilience, safe and reliable transportation, buildings and infrastructure, integrated water management and biopharmaceutical manufacturing. In doing so, we combine deep experience in the following end markets - Critical Infrastructure, Water Environmental and Life Sciences Advanced Manufacturing. Our core skills revolve around consulting, planning, architecture, design, engineering, infrastructure delivery services including project, program and construction management and long-term operation of facilities. Solutions are delivered as standalone professional service engagements, comprehensive program management partnerships, and selective progressive design-build and construction management at-risk delivery services. Increasingly, we use data science and technology-enabled expertise to deliver positive and enduring outcomes for our clients and communities. We serve national, state and local government clients across multiple regions including the U.S., Europe, U.K., Middle East, and Asia Pacific and multinational and local private sector organizations globally. Page 8 PA Consulting (PA) PA Consulting, the global innovation and transformation consultancy, accelerates new growth ideas from concept, through design and development and to commercial success, and revitalizes organizations, building leadership, culture, systems and processes to make innovation a reality. PA Consulting's global team of about 4,000, which includes strategists, innovators, designers, consultants, digital experts, scientists, engineers and technologists work across seven sectors: consumer and manufacturing, defense and security, energy and utilities, financial services, government, health and life sciences, and transport to make a positive impact alongside the clients it supports, bringing ingenuity to life. PA Consulting has a diverse mix of private and public sector clients. Private sector clients include global household names like Diageo, Microsoft, Pret A Manger and Unilever, and start-ups like NTx, which is accelerating access to life-changing therapies. PA's work includes applying data and analytics to improve punctuality of flights at Heathrow Airport, accelerating the energy transition with Invenergy and energyRe, creating new digital platforms for the American College of Emergency Physicians, pioneering medtech with Hubly Surgical, accelerating clinical trials with AI for a global life sciences consortium, and enhancing resiliency in banking with Bankomat. Public sector clients include the U.K.'s Ministry of Defence, National Highways, The Norwegian Labour and Welfare Administration, The Danish Tax Agency and The Swedish Environmental Protection Agency. Collectively, we also deploy the combined strengths of Jacobs' technical expertise in infrastructure, advanced manufacturing and technology with PA Consulting's innovation and transformation expertise to unlock significant opportunities for our clients worldwide. In the U.S., we re supporting the digital transformation of Dallas Fort Worth International Airport and contributing to the Frederick Douglass Tunnel program one of the nation s largest transportation infrastructure investments. In England, we provide engineering, technical advice and innovation services to National Highways. We re building an AI blueprint for Hertfordshire County Council, one of England s largest councils. We ve been appointed to the U.K. s largest government management consultancy framework providing public sector organizations with streamlined access to advisory services. We re also delivering technical project management for the U.K. Department for Energy Security Net Zero s Carbon Capture, Usage and Storage program, a cornerstone of the U.K. s net-zero ambitions. Separation of Critical Mission Solutions (CMS) and Cyber Intelligence (C I) On September 27, 2024, Jacobs Solutions Inc. ("Jacobs") completed the previously announced Reverse Morris Trust transaction pursuant to which (i) Jacobs first transferred its Critical Mission Solutions business ( CMS ) and portions of the Divergent Solutions ( DVS ) business (referred to herein as the Cyber Intelligence business ( C I ) and together with CMS referred to as the SpinCo Business ), to Amazon Holdco Inc., a Delaware corporation, which has been renamed Amentum Holdings, Inc. ( SpinCo ) (the Separation ), (ii) Jacobs then effectuated a spin-off of SpinCo by distributing 124,084,108 shares of SpinCo common stock, par value $0.01 per share (the SpinCo Common Stock ), by way of a pro rata distribution to its shareholders such that each holder of shares of Jacobs common stock, par value $1.00 per share, (the Jacobs Common Stock ) was entitled to receive one share of SpinCo Common Stock for each share of Jacobs common stock held as of the record date, September 23, 2024 (the Distribution ), and (iii) finally, Amentum Parent Holdings LLC merged with and into SpinCo, with SpinCo surviving the merger (the Merger and together with the Separation and the Distribution, the Separation Transaction ). The surviving entity of the Separation Transaction is now an independent public company with common stock listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol AMTM ( Amentum ). As a result of the Separation Transaction, substantially all SpinCo Business-related assets and liabilities have been separated and distributed (the "Disposal Group"). The Company determined that the Disposal Group should be reported as discontinued operations in accordance with ASC 205-20, Discontinued Operations because their disposal represents a strategic shift that had a major effect on operations and financial results. As such, the financial results of the SpinCo Business are reflected in our Consolidated Statements of Earnings as discontinued operations for all periods presented. Additionally, current and non-current assets and liabilities of the Disposal Group were reflected as held for spin in the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of September 29, 2023. Further, as the Separation Transaction closed on September 27, 2024, no amounts remained held for spin at the end of fiscal 2024. For further information regarding separation activities that took place in fiscal 2025, see Note 14- Discontinued Operations of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements beginning on page F-1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Page 9 Prior to the Separation Transaction, Jacobs Critical Mission Solutions business provided a full spectrum of solutions for clients to address evolving challenges like digital transformation and modernization, national security and defense, space exploration, digital asset management, the clean energy transition, and nuclear decommissioning and cleanup. Clients included government agencies, as well as private sector clients mainly in the aerospace, automotive, motorsports, energy and telecom sectors. Prior to the Separation Transaction, the DVS business unit served as the core foundation for developing and delivering innovative, next-generation cloud, cyber, data and digital technologies. DVS clients included government agencies and commercial clients in the U.S. and international markets. Certain portions of the DVS business related to advising on digital strategy and transformation and developing digital solutions that facilitate capital, operational and cybersecurity decisions for our clients across our segments and their end markets were retained and are now part of I AF. Significant Customers The following table sets forth the percentage of total revenues from continuing operations earned directly or indirectly from agencies of the U.S. federal government for each of the last three fiscal years: 2025 2024 2023 8% 10% 9% Given the percentage of total revenue derived directly from the U.S. federal government, the loss of U.S. federal government agencies as customers could have a material adverse effect on the Company. In addition, any or all of our government contracts could be terminated, we could be suspended or debarred from all government contract work, or payment of our costs could be disallowed. For more information on risks relating to our government contracts, see Item 1A- Risk Factors. Contracts While there is considerable variation in the pricing provisions of the contracts we undertake, our contracts generally fall into two broad categories: cost-reimbursable and fixed-price. The following table sets forth the percentages of total revenues from continuing operations represented by these types of contracts for each of the last three fiscal years: 2025 2024 2023 Cost-reimbursable 68% 69% 70% Fixed-price, limited risk 32% 31% 26% Fixed-price, at risk % % 4% In accordance with industry practice, most of our contracts (including those with the U.S. federal government) are subject to termination at the discretion of the client, which is discussed in greater detail in Item 1A - Risk Factors . In such situations, our contracts typically provide for reimbursement of costs incurred and payment of fees earned through the date of termination. Cost-Reimbursable Contracts Cost-reimbursable contracts generally provide for reimbursement of costs incurred plus an amount of profit. The profit element may be in the form of a simple mark-up applied to the labor costs incurred or it may be in the form of a fee, or a combination of a mark-up and a fee. The fee element can also take several forms, including 1) a fixed amount, 2) an amount based on a percentage of the costs incurred or 3) an incentive fee based on targets, milestones, or performance factors defined in the contract. These contracts include a limited amount of guaranteed maximum price contracts. Fixed-Price Contracts Fixed-price contracts include both lump sum bid contracts and negotiated fixed-price contracts. Under lump sum bid contracts, we typically bid against competitors based on client-furnished specifications. This type of pricing presents certain inherent risks, including the possibility of ambiguities in the specifications received, problems with new technologies, and economic and other changes that may occur over the contract period. Additionally, it is not unusual for lump sum bid contracts to lead to an adversarial relationship with clients, which is contrary to our relationship-based business model. Accordingly, lump sum bid contracts are not our preferred form of contract. In contrast, under a negotiated fixed-price contract, we are selected as the contractor first and then we negotiate a price with our client and Page 10 frequently exists in single-responsibility arrangements where we perform some portion of the work before negotiating the total price of the project. Thus, although both types of contracts involve a firm price for the client, the lump sum bid contract provides the greater degree of risk to us in our services contracts as well as construction. However, because of economies that may be realized during the contract term, both negotiated fixed-price and lump sum bid contracts may offer greater profit potential than other types of contracts. The Company carefully manages the risk inherent in these types of contracts. In recent years, most of our fixed-price work has been either negotiated fixed-price contracts or lump sum bid contracts for design and/or project services, rather than turnkey construction contracts which are included in the at risk type in the table above. Competition We compete with many companies across the world including technology, consulting and engineering firms. Typically, no single company or companies dominate the markets in which we provide services, and often we partner with our competitors or other companies to jointly pursue projects. AECOM, Tetra Tech, WSP, Arcadis, Bechtel, Arup, Endava, Exponent, Mott MacDonald, Stantec, Parsons, Accenture, Mace, AtkinsRealis, Altair, Montrose, Capgemini, Fluor, Deloitte, KPMG, PwC, Bain Company and McKinsey Company are some of our competitors. We compete based on the following factors, among others: technical capabilities, reputation for quality, price of services, safety record, availability of qualified personnel, and ability to timely perform work and contract terms. Our People and Our Culture Our people and culture define Jacobs. Authentic leadership and a commitment to living our core values every day creates a culture of trust, respect and empowerment across our business enabling us to deliver the best outcomes for all our stakeholders. Guided by our employee value statement, "Jacobs. A world where you can.", our strategy further connects our people to our purpose and helps us continuously evolve our culture to support, empower and enable our talent to thrive. Attracting and Growing our Talent Jacobs success is dependent on our ability to hire, develop and retain exceptional talent across technical, professional, scientific and consulting disciplines. As of September 26, 2025, we had a workforce of approximately 43,000 people worldwide, including a contingent workforce of approximately 1,800 people. Our voluntary employee turnover rate of 8.2% reflects a strong culture and the commitment of our people. The breakdown of our employees by region (excluding contingent workforce) is as follows: Page 11 By fostering learning and unlocking career growth for our people, we attract and retain top talent to deliver for our clients and drive long-term growth for Jacobs. Our employee programs, global learning resources and digital tools enable collaboration and professional development in a supportive, high-performing workplace. Our employee experience platform e3: engage. excel. elevate. enables our employees to develop through continuous feedback, priority alignment, experience profiling and career planning. In fiscal 2025, we introduced several enterprise-wide initiatives to enhance talent mobility, foster leadership and support long-term, purpose-driven careers. These included responding to feedback from our employees regarding expanded learning opportunities, particularly in AI and digital skills, through the launch of Jacobs University our global learning and development hub designed to make training more accessible and relevant across roles and regions. With four dedicated schools (and more planned) and access to nearly 30,000 training programs, the platform equips employees with future-ready skills and career development resources. To expand career mobility, we also introduced the Internal Talent Marketplace, a digital platform connecting employees with opportunities, assignments and career pathways aligned to their goals and experience. As we advance our digital and data solutions to help clients work more effectively and safer, we are also equipping our people with stronger digital skills and AI capabilities. In fiscal 2025, we launched Jacobs AI Assist, our proprietary AI tool that makes our authoritative knowledge more discoverable and usable for our employees in their daily work. In fiscal 2025, more than 97% of employees completed all required modules in our annual Living Our Values training, which reinforces our core values. 1 Our global graduate development program and local apprenticeships continue to provide our early career professionals with foundational skills, networks and knowledge. In fiscal 2025, we welcomed more than 1,300 graduates, interns and apprentices to our global team. We support agile, lifelong careers through continuous development, mentoring and diverse career paths. Employees can request mentors through our e3 mentor match program and our eight Jacobs Employee Networks (JENs), which are open to all of our employees around the world, also offer mentoring with leaders who support and reflect myriad perspectives, backgrounds and experiences. Our global Hybrid Work model strengthens team collaboration and client connection, while offering flexibility reflecting our commitment to providing an adaptable, inclusive and empowering workplace. Fostering Inclusion and Belonging We continue to nurture our TogetherBeyond culture, our approach to living inclusion every day and fostering belonging globally. We believe inclusive teams deliver stronger outcomes for clients, communities and one another. By embracing varied perspectives and lived experiences, we create conditions for greater creativity, faster decision-making, and deeper connection. In fiscal 2025, we continued to invest in leadership training, our JENs, 240+ communities of practice, and global programs that promote accessibility and cultural awareness across project delivery, recruitment and community engagement. Open to all employees around the world, our JENs and communities of practice provide networking and development opportunities, and play a vital role in sustaining an inclusive culture. Training and resources support our "We live inclusion" value and include topics such as inclusion and belonging and respect in the workplace, and our employee networks and communities of practice foster meaningful conversations and actions in support of workplace inclusion. Our people actively contribute to attracting new talent, shaping our recruitment strategies, and enhancing our STEAM programs and accessibility practices. 1 Completion rate reflects the four modules required for all employees. A fifth module, required only for people leaders, is excluded from this metric. Page 12 Our employee networks: Our commitment to living inclusion begins at the top with leadership commitment and accountability driving culture at Jacobs. Through our Be Seen @ Jacobs data disclosure campaign, we invite our employees globally to confidentially and voluntarily share their demographic information, where permitted, increasing transparency and helping us better shape the programs and benefits we offer our employees. Page 13 As of September 26, 2025, our U.S. employees reflected the following race and ethnicity demographics (self-reported data): As of September 26, 2025, our global workforce gender demographics 1 (based on self-reported data) were: Health, safety, security environment Since its inception in 2007, our BeyondZero program has helped protect our people and the environment through proactive programs shaping how we operate and how we care for one another. BeyondZero , which began as a commitment to health and safety has evolved into a broader philosophy encompassing psychological wellbeing, security, environmental responsibility and business resilience and has become a cornerstone of our Culture of Caring , our values and our identity. Amid growing global complexities that test our ability to operate safely, securely and sustainably, we remain committed to proactive risk management and to delivering high-value solutions for our people, clients and communities. In fiscal 2025, we achieved another year of zero employee fatalities at work and a total recordable incident rate 2 of 0.11, compared to the North American Industry Classification System s most recently reported 3 aggregate rate of 0.60. This reflects our continued focus on protecting our people and maintaining resilient project environments. External recognition included five Environmental Business Journal / Climate Change Business Journal awards for advancing environmental and climate resilience, and the Royal Society for the Prevention of Accidents (RoSPA) Patron's Award for sustained health and safety excellence. Page 14 We also advanced our resilience program enhancing emergency, crisis and continuity capabilities to support stability and performance during times of disruption. Our enhanced Global Travel Assistance program in partnership with our provider, International SOS, helps keep our employees safe and healthy while traveling or on assignment outside their home country. Our wellbeing programs address the full spectrum of employee health from physical to emotional and social to financial. These include Origin which provides financial counseling, and Carrot, which offers free, inclusive fertility healthcare and family-forming benefits, and support for menopause, low testosterone and more. RethinkCare provides free parental support and neurodiversity training. In fiscal 2025, we expanded holistic wellbeing support, including our Dedicated Workplace Support service, which compliments existing support like our Emotional Wellbeing Solutions digital portal. Our global community of nearly 1,800 Positive Mental Health Champions with 30% now serving as people leaders continues to grow, providing peer-level support, guiding colleagues toward professional options, while helping to reduce stigma and foster inclusion. Our Jacobs-developed, free mental health check-in tool, One Million Lives, reached a significant milestone this year, with over 50,000 check-ins completed since launch. Our BeyondZero journey is not a destination, but a mindset driving us to protect our people, expand our impact, and partner globally to shape a safer, more sustainable future. We remain disciplined in strengthening our collective HSSE capability, positioning Jacobs to anticipate dynamic market demands and deliver responsible growth and lasting impact. 1Jacobs reports this data utilizing the male/female binary to enable consistent reporting over time. 2 As of October 30, 2024 and recorded in accordance with OSHA record keeping requirements, but subject to change thereafter due to possible injury/illness classification changes. The TRIR calculation uses the US OSHA formula of Number of Incidents x 200,000 / total number of hours worked in a year . The 200,000 is the benchmark established by OSHA because it represents the total number of hours 100 employees would log in 50 weeks based on a 40-hour work week. 3 Cited on September 26th, 2025 via U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics - Incidence rates of non-fatal occupational injuries and illnesses by industry and case types, 2023 for NAICS code 54133 Information About Our Executive Officers The information required by Paragraph (a), and Paragraphs (c) through (g) of Item 401 of Regulation S-K (except for information required by Paragraph (e) of that Item to the extent the required information pertains to our executive officers) and Item 405 of Regulation S-K is set forth under the caption Members of the Board of Directors in our definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days after the close of our fiscal year and is incorporated herein by reference. The following table presents the information required by Paragraph (b) of Item 401 of Regulation S-K. Age Position with the Company Year Joined the Company Robert V. Pragada 57 Chair and Chief Executive Officer 2016 Venk Nathamuni 59 Chief Financial Officer 2024 Joanne E. Caruso 65 Chief Legal and Administrative Officer 2012 Patrick X. Hill 52 President, Global Operations 1998 Shannon Miller 49 President, Strategy, Growth and Digital 1998 William B. Allen, Jr. 61 Chief Accounting Officer 2016 All of the officers listed in the preceding table serve in their respective capacities at the pleasure of the Board of Directors of the Company. Mr. Pragada rejoined the Company in February 2016 after serving as President and Chief Executive Officer of The Brock Group since August 2014. From March 2006 to August 2014, Mr. Pragada served in executive and senior leadership capacities with the Company. Mr. Pragada served as President and Chief Operating Officer from November 2019 until he succeeded Steve Demetriou as Chief Executive Officer and was elected as a Director of the Company in January 2023. In September 2024, after completion of the Separation Transaction, Mr. Pragada assumed the additional position of Chair of the Jacobs Board of Directors. Page 15 Mr. Nathamuni joined the Company in June 2024 as Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Nathamuni served as Chief Financial Officer at Cirrus Logic Inc. from 2022 to 2024. Prior to that, he served as Head of Corporate Finance, M A, investor relations and IT for Arista Networks. From 2012 to October 2021, Mr. Nathamuni served in several roles at Maxim Integrated Products, Inc. including as Vice President of M A and corporate development and head of investor relations. He also held a variety of positions at J.P. Morgan, Synopsys, Synplicity and QuickLogic. Ms. Caruso joined the Company in 2012. Prior to becoming Chief Legal and Administrative Officer, Ms. Caruso was Senior Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer, and previously held the positions of Senior Vice President, Global Human Resources and Vice President, Global Litigation. Prior to joining the Company, Ms. Caruso was a partner in two international law firms, Howrey LLP and Baker Hostetler LLP. Mr. Hill joined the Company through the SKM acquisition, where he started in 1998. Mr. Hill has served in several senior leadership positions crossing multiple sectors and operations throughout Australia, New Zealand, Asia, Europe, the Middle East and the United States. Prior to his appointment as President of the former People Places Solutions operating segment, Mr. Hill jointly led People Places Solutions with day-to-day responsibilities for Jacobs' Buildings and Infrastructure global operations outside of North America. In December 2023, Mr. Hill assumed the role of President, Global Operations. Ms. Miller joined the Company in 1998. During her almost 25-year career at Jacobs, Ms. Miller has had a rich and varied global journey in operations, sales and functional roles leading cultural and digital transformation for both the Company and its markets, including technology, resources, infrastructure, pharmaceutical and consumer products. In December 2023, Ms. Miller assumed the role as President, Strategy, Growth Digital. Prior to current role, Ms. Miller served as Executive Vice President and President of the former Divergent Solutions operating segment and, prior to that, she served as Jacobs Chief Growth Officer and lead for Enterprise Risk Management. Mr. Allen joined the Company as Chief Accounting Officer in October 2016 after serving as Vice President, Finance and Principal Accounting Officer at LyondellBasell Industries, N.V. from 2013 to 2016. Prior to that, Mr. Allen was with Albemarle Corporation, where he served as Vice President, Corporate Controller and Chief Accounting Officer from 2009 to 2013 after serving in CFO roles for their Catalysts and Fine Chemistry businesses from 2005 to 2009. Additional Information Jacobs was founded in 1947 and incorporated as a Delaware corporation in 1987. We are headquartered in Dallas, Texas, USA. The SEC maintains a site on the Internet that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. The SEC s website is http://www.sec.gov. You may also read and download the various reports we file with, or furnish to, the SEC free of charge from our website at www.jacobs.com . Item 1A. RISK FACTORS We operate in a changing global environment that involves numerous known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. The risks described below highlight some of the factors that have affected and could affect us in the future. We may also be affected by unknown risks or risks that we currently think are immaterial. If any such events actually occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. Summary Risk Factors The following is a summary of some of the risks and uncertainties that could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. You should read this summary together with the more detailed description of each risk factor contained below. Risks Related to Our Operations We engage in a highly competitive business. If we are unable to compete effectively, we could lose market share and our business and results of operations could be negatively impacted. Page 16 Our results of operations depend on the award of new contracts and the timing of the award of these contracts and economic conditions. Demand for our services may be impacted by continuing inflation, high interest rates, international trade issues, including tariffs and counter tariffs, and/or construction costs. Project sites are inherently dangerous workplaces. Failure to maintain safe work sites exposes us to significant financial losses and reputational harm, as well as civil and criminal liabilities. The nature of our contracts, particularly any fixed-price contracts, subjects us to risks of cost overruns. We may experience losses if costs increase above budgets or estimates or the project experiences delays. Our failure to meet performance requirements or contractual schedules could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. The contracts in our backlog may be adjusted, canceled or suspended by our clients and, therefore, our backlog is not necessarily an accurate representation of our future revenues or earnings. The outcome of pending and future claims and litigation could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations and damage our reputation. Our services expose us to significant monetary damages or even criminal violations and our insurance policies may not provide adequate coverage. A reduction in the amount of available governmental funding could materially affect our results of operations. We are dependent on third parties to complete many of our contracts. Employee, agent or partner misconduct, or our overall failure to comply with laws or regulations, could weaken our ability to win contracts, which could result in reduced revenues and profits. Cybersecurity or privacy breaches, or systems and information technology interruption or failure could adversely impact our ability to operate or expose us to contractual penalties, significant financial losses and/or reputational harm. Our actual results could differ from the estimates and assumptions used to prepare our financial statements. Our benefit plan expenses and obligations may fluctuate depending on various factors, including inflation, changes in levels of interest rates, and pension plan asset performance. Our businesses could be materially and adversely affected by events outside of our control. Our continued success is dependent upon our ability to hire, retain, train and utilize qualified personnel while managing the risks associated with remote and hybrid working arrangements. Any harm to our professional reputation or relationships could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations, including by negatively impacting the amount of work awarded to us and our ability to hire and retain qualified personnel. Our focus on new growth areas entails risks, including those associated with new relationships, clients, talent needs, capabilities, service offerings, and maintaining our collaborative culture and core values. If we, or our subsidiaries or companies in which we have made strategic investments, lose, or experience a significant reduction in, business from one or a few large customers, it could have a material adverse impact on us. Risks Related to International Operations Our international operations are exposed to additional risks and uncertainties, including unfavorable political developments and weak foreign economies. Foreign exchange risks may affect our ability to realize a profit from certain projects. Our global presence could give rise to material fluctuations in our income tax rates. International trade issues, including tariffs and counter tariffs, may have a negative impact on our business. Risks Related to Acquisitions, Investments, Joint Ventures and Divestitures We may not achieve some or all of the expected benefits of the Separation Transaction, and could incur a significant tax liability if the terms of the IRS private letter ruling are not satisfied. Our use of joint ventures, partnerships and strategic investments in entities exposes us to risks and uncertainties, many of which are outside of our control. An impairment charge on our goodwill or intangible assets could have a material adverse impact on our financial position and results of operations. We may engage in acquisitions, divestments and strategic investments as part of our business strategy to accelerate our growth and we may make minority investments as well, all of which present certain risks and uncertainties. Page 17 Risks Related to Regulatory Compliance Past and future non-financial health, safety, security and environment-related laws and regulations could impose significant additional costs and liabilities. If we fail to comply with any governmental requirements, our business may be adversely affected. We could be adversely affected by violations of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar worldwide anti-bribery laws. Risks Related to Sustainability and Corporate Responsibility Climate change and related environmental issues, including those related to compliance with new and evolving federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations, could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We may be unable to achieve our climate commitments and targets. Increasing scrutiny and changing and conflicting expectations from governmental organizations, clients, investors, suppliers and partners, communities and our employees with respect to our practices and disclosures related to sustainability and corporate responsibility may impose additional costs on us or expose us to new or additional risks. Risks Related to Our Indebtedness and Credit Markets We rely in part on liquidity from our credit facilities to fund our business. Restrictions in our credit facilities and other indebtedness could adversely impact our business. Our businesses may be adversely affected by disruptions or lack of liquidity in the credit markets, including reduced access to credit and higher costs of obtaining credit. Maintaining adequate bonding, letter of credit and bank guarantee capacity is necessary for us to successfully win some contracts. Our variable rate indebtedness subjects us to interest rate risk, which could cause our debt service obligations to increase and our net income and cash flows to correspondingly decrease . Risks Related to Our Common Stock and Corporate Structure Our quarterly results may fluctuate significantly, which could have a material negative effect on the price of our common stock. There can be no assurance that we will pay dividends on our common stock. In the event we issue stock as consideration for certain acquisitions we may make, we could dilute share ownership, and if we receive stock in connection with a divestiture, the value of stock is subject to fluctuation. We are a holding company. Substantially all of our business is conducted through our subsidiaries. We depend on the performance of our subsidiaries and their ability to make distributions to us to fund our operations. Risks Related to Our Operations We engage in a highly competitive business. If we are unable to compete effectively, we could lose market share and our business and results of operations could be negatively impacted. We face intense competition to provide technical, professional and construction management services to clients. The markets we serve are highly competitive and we compete against a large number of regional, national and multinational companies. The extent and type of our competition varies by industry, geographic area and project type. Our projects are frequently awarded through a competitive procurement process. We are constantly competing for project awards based on pricing, schedule and the breadth and technical sophistication of our services. Competition can place downward pressure on our contract prices and profit margins, which increases the risk that, among other things, we may not realize profit margins at the same rates as we have seen in the past or may become responsible for costs or other liabilities we have not accepted in the past. If we are unable to compete effectively, we may experience a loss of market share or reduced profitability or both, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Page 18 Our results of operations depend on the award of new contracts and the timing of the award of these contracts. Our revenues depend on new contract awards. Delays in the timing of the awards or cancellations of such projects as a result of economic conditions, material and equipment pricing and availability or other factors could impact our long-term projected results. It is particularly difficult to predict whether or when we will receive large-scale projects as these contracts frequently involve a lengthy and complex procurement and selection process, which is affected by a number of factors, such as market conditions or governmental and environmental approvals. Since a significant portion of our revenues is generated from such projects, our results of operations and cash flows can fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter depending on the timing of our contract awards and the commencement or progress of work under awarded contracts. Furthermore, many of these contracts are subject to financing contingencies and, as a result, we are subject to the risk that the customer will not be able to secure the necessary financing for the project. The uncertainty of our contract award timing can also present difficulties in matching workforce size with contract needs. In some cases, we maintain and bear the cost of a ready workforce that is larger than necessary under existing contracts in anticipation of future workforce needs for expected contract awards. When an expected contract award is delayed or not received, we incur additional costs resulting from reductions in staff or redundancy of facilities, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Demand for our services is impacted by economic downturns, reductions in private or government spending and times of political uncertainty. We provide full spectrum technical and professional solutions to clients operating in a number of sectors and industries, including programs for various national, state and local governments, including advanced manufacturing, cities places, energy, environmental, life sciences, transportation, water and other general industrial and consumer businesses and sectors. These sectors and industries and the resulting demand for our services have been, and we expect will continue to be, subject to significant fluctuations due to a variety of factors beyond our control, including economic conditions and changes in client spending, particularly during periods of economic or political uncertainty. Consequently, our results have varied, and may continue to vary, depending upon the demand for future projects in the markets and the locations in which we operate. Uncertain global economic, socioeconomic and political conditions may negatively impact our clients ability and willingness to fund their projects, including their ability to raise capital and pay, or timely pay, our invoices. These factors may also cause our clients to reduce their capital expenditures, alter the mix of services purchased, seek more favorable pricing and other contract terms and otherwise slow their spending on our services. For example, in the public sector, declines in federal funding and state and local tax revenues, as well as other economic declines, may result in lower state and local government spending. In addition, under such conditions, many of our competitors may be more inclined to take greater or unusual risks or accept terms and conditions in contracts that we might not deem acceptable. These conditions may reduce the demand for our services, which may have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, uncertain economic, socioeconomic and political conditions may make it difficult for our clients, our vendors, and us to accurately forecast and plan future business activities. We cannot predict the outcome of changing trade policies, including tariffs and counter tariffs, or other unanticipated socioeconomic or political conditions, nor can we predict the timing, strength or duration of any economic recovery or downturn worldwide or in our clients markets. In addition, our business has traditionally lagged recoveries in the general economy and, therefore, during any such period we may not recover as quickly as the economy at large. Weak economic conditions could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, if a significant portion of our clients or projects are concentrated in a specific geographic area or industry, our business may be disproportionately affected by regional conflicts, negative trends or economic downturns in those specific geographic areas or industries. Continuing inflation and high interest rates and/or construction costs could reduce the demand for our services as well as decrease our profit on our existing contracts, in particular with respect to our fixed-price contracts. Continuing or renewed inflation and high interest rates and/or construction costs (including supply chain issues) could reduce the demand for our services. In addition, we bear all of the risk of high inflation with respect to those contracts that are fixed-price. Because a significant portion of our revenues are earned from cost-reimbursable type contracts (approximately 68% during fiscal 2025 ), the effects of inflation on our financial condition and results of operations over the past few years have been generally minor. However, if we continue to experience inflationary pressures, inflation may have a larger impact on our results of operations in the future, particularly if we expand our Page 19 business into markets and geographic areas where fixed-price and lump-sum work is more prevalent. Therefore, continued or renewed inflation, high interest rates and/or construction costs and supply chain challenges and/or frustrations could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Project sites are inherently dangerous workplaces. Failure to maintain safe work sites, whether by us or by our employees, contractors, subcontractors, clients, the property owner or others working at the project site, can lead to injury, disabilities or fatalities. Such incidents could expose Jacobs to financial loss, reputational damage and potential civil or criminal liability. Project sites often put our employees and others in close proximity with large pieces of mechanized equipment, moving vehicles, chemical and manufacturing processes and hazardous and highly regulated materials, in a challenging environment and often in geographically remote locations. We may be expressly responsible for safety on some project sites, and, accordingly, we have an obligation to implement effective safety procedures at such sites. The failure by us or others working at such sites to implement safety procedures or the implementation of ineffective procedures, or the failure to implement and follow appropriate safety procedures, subjects our employees, contractors, subcontractors and others to the risk of injury, disability or loss of life, and subjects us to risk that the completion or commencement of our projects may be delayed and we may be exposed to litigation or investigations. Unsafe work sites also have the potential to increase employee turnover, increase the cost of a project to our clients and raise our operating and insurance costs. We are also subject to regulations dealing with occupational health, safety, security and environment ("HSSE"). Although we maintain functional groups whose primary purpose is to ensure we implement effective HSSE work procedures throughout our organization, including project sites and maintenance sites, the failure to comply with such regulations could subject us to fines as well as criminal and/or civil liability. In addition, despite the work of our functional groups, we cannot guarantee the safety of our personnel or that there will be no damage to or loss of our work, equipment or supplies. Our HSSE performance is critical to our reputation. Many of our clients require that we meet certain HSSE criteria to be eligible to bid for contracts and many contracts provide for automatic termination or forfeiture of some or all of our contract fees or profit in the event we fail to meet certain measures. For all of the foregoing reasons, if we fail to maintain adequate HSSE standards, we could suffer harm to our reputation, reduced profitability or the loss of projects or clients, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The nature of our contracts, particularly any fixed-price contracts, subjects us to risks of cost overruns. We may experience reduced profits or losses if costs increase above budgets or estimates or the project experiences delays. For fiscal 2025, approximately 32% of our revenues were earned under fixed-price contracts. Both fixed-price and many cost-reimbursable contracts require us to estimate the total cost of the project in advance of our performance. For fixed-price contracts, we may benefit from any cost-savings, but we bear greater risk of paying some, if not all, of any cost overruns. Fixed-price contracts are established in part on proposed designs, which may be partial or incomplete, cost and scheduling estimates that are based on a number of assumptions, including those about future economic conditions, commodity and other materials pricing and cost and availability of labor (including the cost of any related benefits or entitlements), equipment and materials and other exigencies. Cost overruns can occur, leading to reduced profits or, in some cases, a loss for that project for a variety of reasons, including if the design or the estimates prove inaccurate or if circumstances change due to, among other things, unanticipated technical problems, difficulties in obtaining permits or approvals, changes in local laws or labor conditions, weather, supply chain or other delays beyond our control, changes in the costs of equipment or raw materials, our vendors or subcontractors inability or failure to perform, or changes in geopolitical and general economic conditions, such as tariffs, counter tariffs and other inflationary pressures. We may present change orders and claims to our clients, subcontractors and vendors for, among other things, additional costs exceeding the original contract price. If we fail to properly document the nature of our claims and change orders or are otherwise unsuccessful in negotiating reasonable settlements with our clients, subcontractors and vendors, we will likely incur cost overruns, reduced profits or, in some cases, could result in a loss for a project. These risks are exacerbated for projects with long-term durations because there is an increased risk that the circumstances on which we based our original estimates will change in a manner that increases costs. The occurrence of significant costs overruns could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Page 20 Our failure to meet performance requirements or contractual schedules could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Many of our contracts require us to satisfy specific progress or performance milestones in order to receive payment from the customer. As a result, we often incur significant costs for engineering, materials, components, equipment, labor or subcontractors prior to receipt of payment from a customer, which may impact our liquidity. In some circumstances, we may incur penalties if we do not achieve project completion by a scheduled date. In some cases, the occurrence of delays may be due to factors outside of our control, such as due to supply chain shortages, issues with subcontractor performance and/or compliance with laws, regulations, contracts or otherwise. Our contracts that are fundamentally cost reimbursable in nature may also present a risk to the extent the final cost on a project exceeds the amount the customer expected or budgeted. Like fixed-price contracts, the expected cost of cost-reimbursable projects is based in part on partial design and our estimates of the resources and time necessary to perform such contracts. A portion of the fee is often linked to these estimates and the related final cost and schedule objectives, and if for whatever reason these objectives are not met, the project may be less profitable than we expect or even result in losses. The contracts in our backlog may be adjusted, canceled or suspended by our clients and, therefore, our backlog is not necessarily an accurate representation of our future revenues or earnings. Backlog represents estimates of the total dollar amount of revenues we expect to record in the future as a result of performing work under contracts that have been awarded to us. As of the end of fiscal 2025, our backlog totaled approximately $23.1 billion. There is no assurance that backlog will actually be realized as revenues in the amounts reported or, if realized, will result in profits. In accordance with industry practice, substantially all of our contracts, including our U.S. government work, are subject to cancellation, termination, or suspension at the discretion of the client, and may be subject to changes in the scope of services to be provided, as well as adjustments to the costs relating to the contracts. In the event of a project cancellation, we would generally have no contractual right to the total revenue reflected in our backlog. Projects can remain in backlog for extended periods of time because of the nature of the project and the timing of the particular services required by the project. The risk of contracts in backlog being canceled or suspended generally increases during periods of widespread economic slowdowns or in response to changes in commodity prices. In some markets, there is a continuing trend toward cost-reimbursable contracts with incentive-fee arrangements. Typically, our incentive fees are based on such things as achievement of target completion dates or target costs, overall safety performance, overall client satisfaction and other performance criteria. If we fail to meet such targets or achieve the expected performance standards, we may receive a lower, or even zero, incentive fee resulting in lower gross margins. Accordingly, there is no assurance that the contracts in backlog, assuming they produce the revenues currently expected, will generate gross margins at the rates we have realized in the past. Contracts with or funded by the U.S. federal government, other governments and their agencies pose additional risks compared to contracts with or wholly-funded by private sector clients. The U.S. federal government represented approximately 8% of our total revenue in fiscal 2025. Contracts with or funded by the U.S. government, other governments and their respective agencies, which are an important source of our revenue and profit, are subject to additional risks compared to contracts with private sector clients: Some of our contracts are long-term government contracts, which are only funded on an annual basis. In addition, public-supported financing, such as state and local municipal bonds, may be only partially raised at the beginning of a program, with additional funding normally only committed as appropriations are made in each fiscal year. If appropriations for funding are not made in subsequent years of a multiple-year contract, we may not be able to realize all of our anticipated revenue and profits from that project. Any changes in government capital allocations, or any under-staffing of government departments or agencies, including resulting from layoffs within the government, or any government shutdowns impacting our business interaction with affected departments or agencies, could result in program cancellations, disruptions and/or stop work orders, could limit the government s ability to effectively progress programs and make timely payments, and could limit our ability to perform on our existing government contracts and successfully compete for new work. Governments are typically under no obligation to maintain funding at any specific level, and funds for government programs may even be eliminated. Our government clients may also shift its spending focus toward areas in which we do not currently provide services. Page 21 Our contracts with governmental agencies and our contracts which receive government funding are subject to audit, investigations and proceedings which could result in adjustments to reimbursable contract costs or, if we are charged with wrongdoing, possible temporary or permanent suspension from participating in government programs, and a variety of penalties can be imposed on us including monetary damages and criminal and civil penalties. Governmental agencies may modify, curtail or terminate our contracts at any time prior to their completion and, if we do not replace them, we may suffer a decline in revenue. In addition, for some assignments, the U.S. government may attempt to insource the services to government employees rather than outsource to a contractor. Most government contracts are awarded through a rigorous competitive process, which may emphasize price over other qualitative factors. The U.S. federal government has increasingly relied upon multiple-year contracts with multiple contractors that generally require those contractors to engage in an additional competitive procurement process for each task order issued under a contract. This process may result in us facing significant additional pricing pressure and uncertainty and incurring additional costs. We may not be awarded government contracts because of existing policies designed to protect small, under-represented and/or disadvantaged businesses. Government contracts are subject to specific procurement regulations and a variety of other socio-economic requirements, which affect how we transact business with our clients and, in some instances, impose additional costs on our business operations. For example, for contracts with the U.S. federal government, we must comply with the Federal Acquisition Regulation, the Truth in Negotiations Act, the Cost Accounting Standards, and numerous regulations governing environmental protection and employment practices. Government contracts also contain terms that expose us to heightened levels of risk and potential liability than non-government contracts. This includes, for example, unlimited indemnification obligations. Some of our federal government contracts require us to have security clearances, which can be difficult and time consuming to obtain. If our employees or our facilities are unable to obtain or retain the necessary security clearances, our clients could terminate or not renew existing contracts or award us new contracts, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations could be negatively impacted. These various uncertainties, restrictions, and regulations including oversight audits by government authorities as well as profit and cost controls, could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our services expose us to significant monetary damages or even criminal violations and our insurance policies may not provide adequate coverage. We provide services that are subject to professional standards and qualifications, including providing services that are based on our professional engineering expertise, as well as our other professional credentials. These services must comply with various professional standards, duties and obligations regulating the performance of such services. Our engineering practice, for example, involves professional judgments regarding the planning, design, development, construction, operations and management of industrial facilities and public infrastructure projects. We also issue reports and opinions to clients based on our professional expertise, such as issuing opinions and reports to government clients in connection with securities offerings. While we generally seek to reject liability for consequential damages in our contracts, and although we have adopted a range of insurance, risk management and risk avoidance programs designed to reduce potential liabilities, we may be deemed to be responsible for these professional judgments, recommendations or opinions, including, for example, if they are later determined to be inaccurate or if a catastrophic event or other failure occurs at one of our project sites or completed projects. Any unfavorable legal ruling against us could result in substantial monetary damages, disqualification to perform services in the future, or even criminal violations. Such events could result in significant professional liability, general liability or product liability and warranty or other claims against us that could be highly publicized and have reputational harm, especially if public safety is impacted. We could also be liable to third parties, including through class actions, even if we are not contractually bound to those third parties. These liabilities could exceed our insurance limits or the fees we generate, may not be covered by insurance at all due to various exclusions in our coverage and could impact our ability to obtain insurance in the future. Further, even where coverage applies, the policies have limits and deductibles or retentions or quota shares, which could result in our assumption of exposure for certain amounts with respect to any claim asserted against us. In addition, indemnification from clients or subcontractors may not be available. An uninsured claim, either in part or in whole, as well as any claim Page 22 covered by insurance but subject to a policy limit, high deductible and/or retention or quota share, if successful and of a material magnitude, could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The outcome of pending and future claims and litigation could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations and damage our reputation. We are a party to claims and litigation in the normal course of business, including litigation inherited through acquisitions. Since we engage in engineering and construction activities for large facilities and projects where design, construction or systems failures at any such facility or project can result in substantial injury or damage to employees or others, and expose us to substantial claims and litigation and investigations relating to, among other things, personal injury, loss of life, business interruption, property damage, or pollution and environmental damage. We can also be exposed to claims if we agreed that a project will achieve certain performance standards or satisfy certain technical requirements and those standards or requirements are not met. In many of our contracts with clients, subcontractors and vendors, we agree to retain or assume specified liabilities for damages, penalties, losses and other exposures relating to projects that could result in claims that greatly exceed the anticipated profits relating to those contracts. In addition, while clients and subcontractors may agree to indemnify us against certain liabilities, such third parties may refuse or be unable to pay us. With a workforce of approximately 43,000 people globally, we are also party to labor and employment claims in the normal course of business. Certain of these claims relate to allegations of harassment and discrimination, pay equity, denial of benefits, wage and hour violations, whistleblower protections, concerted protected activity, and other employment protections, and may be pursued on an individual or class action basis depending on applicable laws and regulations. Some of such claims may be insurable, while other such claims may not. In addition, claims received from subcontractors or made by us for change orders can be the subject of lengthy negotiations, arbitration or litigation proceedings, which could result in the investment of significant amounts of working capital pending the resolution of the relevant change orders and claims. A failure to promptly recover on these types of claims could have a material adverse impact on our liquidity and financial results. Additionally, irrespective of how well we document the nature of our claims and change orders, the cost to prosecute and defend claims and change orders can be significant. Litigation and regulatory proceedings are subject to inherent uncertainties and unfavorable rulings can and do occur. Pending or future claims against us could result in professional liability, criminal liability, professional warranty obligations, default under our credit agreements and other liabilities which, to the extent we are not insured against a loss or our insurer fails to provide coverage, could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations and damage our reputation. Unavailability or cancellation of insurance coverage could increase our overall risk exposure as well as disrupt the management of our business operations. We maintain insurance coverage from third-party insurers as part of our overall risk management strategy and because some of our contracts require us to maintain specific insurance coverage limits. Catastrophic events, litigation claims, and other market factors can result in decreased coverage limits, coverage that is more limited, increased premium costs or higher deductibles and/or retentions or quota shares. If any of our third-party insurers fail, suddenly cancel our coverage or otherwise are unable to provide us with adequate insurance coverage, then our overall risk exposure and our operational expenses could increase, and the management of our business operations could be disrupted. In addition, there can be no assurance that any of our existing insurance coverage will be renewable upon the expiration of the coverage period or that future coverage will be affordable at the required limits. We have also elected to retain a portion of losses that may occur through the use of various deductibles, retentions, quota shares and limits under these programs. As a result, we may be subject to future liability for which we are only partially insured, or completely uninsured. Page 23 A reduction in the amount of available governmental funding could materially affect our results of operations. Historically, we have benefited from both domestic and international government investment programs and bills that provide funding for our services, such as the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act, the CHIPS and Science Act and the Inflation Reduction Act. While we expect to benefit from projects initiated as a result of such spending and stimulus bills, we may not be able to obtain the expected benefits from these bills or similar bills in the future. In addition, the timing of funding awards under these bills is uncertain, particularly in the United States following the change in the federal administration and subsequent reductions in government spending. A reduction in government investment in markets in which we operate could materially affect our results of operations. We are dependent on third parties to complete many of our contracts. We hire third-party contractors to perform a significant amount of the work performed under our contracts. We also rely on third-party equipment manufacturers or suppliers to provide much of the equipment and materials used for projects. If we are unable to hire qualified subcontractors or find qualified equipment manufacturers or suppliers, our ability to successfully complete a project will be impaired. If we are not able to locate qualified third-party subcontractors or the amount we are required to pay for subcontractors or equipment and supplies exceeds what we have estimated, especially in a lump sum or a fixed-price contract, we may suffer losses on these contracts. If a subcontractor, supplier, or manufacturer fails to provide services, supplies, parts or equipment as required under a contract for any reason, or fails to provide such services, supplies, parts or equipment in accordance with applicable quality, ethical or legal standards as required by the contract or regulation, we will be required to source these services, equipment, parts or supplies from other third parties on a delayed basis or on less favorable terms, which could impact contract profitability and/or could result in claims against us for damages. We are subject to disputes with our subcontractors from time to time relating to, among other things, the quality and timeliness of work performed, customer concerns about the subcontractor, or our failure to extend existing task orders or issue new task orders under a contract. In addition, faulty workmanship, equipment or materials would likely impact the overall project, which could result in claims against us for failure to meet required project specifications. In an uncertain or downturn economic environment, third parties may find it difficult to obtain sufficient financing to help fund their operations. The inability to obtain financing could adversely affect a third party s ability to provide materials, equipment or services which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. In addition, a failure by a third party subcontractor, supplier or manufacturer to comply with applicable laws, regulations, client requirements or our global compliance standards, such as fair labor standards and prohibitions on forced labor could give rise to a range of adverse consequences, including potential civil or criminal liability and harm to our professional reputation, and could negatively impact our business and, for work performed for government clients, could result in fines, penalties, suspension or even debarment being imposed on us, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Employee, agent or partner misconduct, or our overall failure to comply with laws or regulations, could weaken our ability to win contracts, which could result in reduced revenues and profits. We are subject to the risk of misconduct, fraud, non-compliance with applicable laws and regulations, or other improper activities by one of our employees, agents or partners, which could have a significant negative impact on our business and reputation. Such misconduct includes the failure to comply with government procurement regulations, regulations regarding the protection of classified information, regulations prohibiting bribery and other corrupt practices, regulations regarding the pricing of labor and other costs in government contracts, regulations on lobbying or similar activities, regulations pertaining to the internal controls over financial and non-financial reporting, regulations pertaining to export control, environmental laws, employee wages, pay and benefits, and any other applicable laws or regulations. For example, we provide services that may be highly sensitive or that relate to critical national security matters; if a security breach were to occur, our ability to procure future government contracts could be severely limited. The precautions we take to prevent and detect these activities may not be effective and we could face unknown risks or losses. Further, any negative press reports regarding poor contract performance, employee, contractor or third-party subcontractor misconduct, information security breaches, engagements in or perceived connections to politically or socially sensitive activities, or other aspects of our business or industry could harm our reputation and materially impact our business. Our failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, or acts of misconduct could result in costly investigations and subjects us to the risk of fines and penalties, cancellation of contracts, loss of security clearance and suspension or debarment from contracting, any of which could damage our reputation, weaken our ability to win contracts and result in reduced revenues and profits and could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Page 24 Cybersecurity or privacy breaches, or systems and information technology interruption or failure could adversely impact our ability to operate or expose us to contractual penalties, significant financial losses and/or reputational harm. We are subject to certain risks related to cyber-attacks, other interruptions, or errors and delays in our information technology systems. In the event we experience a cyber event that results in the theft of data or compromises operations, or we otherwise are unable to maintain or improve the efficiency and efficacy of our systems, the operation of such systems could result in the material loss, corruption, or release of data. In addition, our computer and communication systems and operations could be damaged or interrupted by natural disasters, force majeure events, telecommunications failures, power loss, acts of war or terrorism, computer viruses, malicious code, physical or electronic security breaches, intentional or inadvertent user misuse or error or similar events, cyber-attacks or disruptions. Any of these or other events could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, protection of personal data and intellectual property and results of operations, as well as those of our clients. As a provider of information technology services operating in multiple regulated industries and geographies and a government contractor, we and our service providers, suppliers and subcontractors collect, store, transmit and otherwise process personal, confidential, proprietary and sensitive information, including classified information. As a result, our information technology systems, including those provided by third-party cloud providers or other infrastructure-as-a-service providers,which have grown over time, including through acquisitions, have, and will continue to experience threats and cyber-attacks, including unauthorized access, state-sponsored cyber attacks, computer hackers, computer viruses, malicious code, ransomware, phishing and other security breaches, problems and system disruptions, including unauthorized access to and disclosure of our and our clients proprietary, classified or other protected information. We are also subject to social engineering attacks which have caused, and may also seek to cause in the future, payments due to or from us to be misdirected to fraudulent accounts, which may not be recoverable by us. We also face increasing risks associated with operational technology ("OT") systems, particularly in our work supporting critical infrastructure sectors in which we operate. These risks include cyber threats targeting legacy and modernized OT environments, challenges in integrating secure digital solutions with aging infrastructure, and the growing attack surface introduced by IoT ("internet of things") and IIoT ("industrial internet of things") devices. Additionally, we must navigate evolving regulatory requirements and ensure operational continuity in the face of potential system disruptions. While we have security measures and technology in place designed to protect our and our clients proprietary, classified and other protected information, there can be no assurance that our efforts will prevent all threats to our computer systems. The U.S. federal government has continued to raise concerns about the potential for cyber-attacks generally as a result of heightened geopolitical tension and conflicts, including the Russia-Ukraine and Israel-Hamas conflicts and the escalating tensions in the Middle East, among others. In addition, the rapid evolution and increased adoption of artificial intelligence technologies may intensify our cybersecurity risks (e.g., AI used to develop malicious code and sophisticated phishing attempts) . Because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access or sabotage systems change frequently, cyber-attacks continue to become more sophisticated and generally are not identified until they are launched against a target. As such, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. As a result, we may be required to expend significant resources to protect against the threat of system disruptions and security breaches or to alleviate problems caused by these disruptions and breaches. Any of these events could damage our reputation, result in significant business interruption, cause us to incur significant liability and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We continuously evaluate the need to upgrade and/or replace our systems and network infrastructure to protect our computing environment and information technology systems, to stay current on vendor supported products and to improve the efficiency of our systems and for other business reasons, including due to the rapid evolution and increased adoption of artificial intelligence and machine learning technologies and especially as we continue to operate under a hybrid working model under which employees can work and access the Company s technology infrastructure remotely. The implementation of new systems and information technology could adversely impact our operations by imposing substantial capital expenditures, demands on management time and risks of delays or difficulties in transitioning to new systems. In addition, our systems implementations may not result in productivity improvements at the levels anticipated. Systems implementation disruption and any other information technology disruption, if not anticipated and appropriately mitigated, could have a material adverse effect on our business. Furthermore, as cybersecurity threats rapidly evolve in sophistication and become more prevalent globally, the associated risks described above may increase. Given that the techniques used in cyberattacks change frequently and may be difficult to detect for periods of time, we may face Page 25 difficulties in anticipating and implementing adequate preventative measures or mitigating harms after such an attack. In addition, laws, regulations, government guidance, and industry standards and practices in the United States and elsewhere are rapidly evolving to combat these threats. We may face increased compliance burdens regarding such requirements with regulators and also incur additional costs for oversight and monitoring of our own systems. In addition, laws and regulations governing data privacy and the unauthorized disclosure of personal data, including the European Union General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR"), the United Kingdom Data Protection Act, the California Consumer Privacy Act, the California Privacy Rights Act, and other emerging U.S. state and global privacy laws pose increasingly complex compliance challenges and potentially elevate costs and may require changes to our business practices resulting from the variation of regulatory requirements and increased enforcement frequency. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations, including related regulatory enforcement and/or private litigation resulting from a potential privacy breach, could result in governmental investigations, significant fines and penalties, damages from private causes of action, or reputational harm. Additionally, we are subject to laws, rules, and regulations regarding cross-border transfers of personal data, including laws relating to transfer of personal data outside the European Economic Area. If we cannot rely on existing mechanisms for transferring personal data, we may be unable to transfer personal data of employees and clients in those regions, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and operating results. We are also subject to data sovereignty requirements imposed by the U.S. government, other sovereign governments, and, in some cases, by clients through specific contractual provisions. These requirements restrict how and where data is stored, processed, and accessed, particularly in relation to sensitive or classified information. Compliance with these requirements often necessitates localized infrastructure, specialized data handling protocols, and enhanced cybersecurity controls. Failure to comply with these requirements could result in contractual penalties, reputational harm, or the loss of current and future business opportunities with affected clients, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We may not be able to protect our intellectual property or that of our clients. Our technology and intellectual property provide us, in certain instances, with a competitive advantage. Although we seek to protect our intellectual property through registration, enforcement, licensing, contractual arrangements, security controls and similar mechanisms, we may not be able to successfully preserve our rights and they could lapse, expire or be invalidated, narrowed in scope, circumvented, challenged or become obsolete. Trade secrets are generally difficult to protect. We implement technical and administrative measures to protect our confidential information and trade secrets, including by requiring our employees and contractors be subject to confidentiality and invention assignment obligations, but such measures may be inadequate to deter or prevent misappropriation of our confidential information or otherwise protect our intellectual property. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries in which we operate do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws in the U.S. If we are unable to enforce, protect and maintain our intellectual property rights or if there are any successful intellectual property challenges or infringement proceedings against our intellectual property or us, our ability to differentiate our service offerings could be reduced. Litigation to enforce our intellectual property against third parties, to defend against third-party claims of intellectual property infringement, or to determine or challenge the scope, validity or enforceability of intellectual property rights, even if we ultimately prevail, could be costly and could divert our leadership s attention away from other aspects of our business. We also hold licenses to third-party technology or intellectual property, which may be utilized in our business operations. If we are no longer able to license such technology or intellectual property on commercially reasonable terms or otherwise, our business and financial performance could be adversely affected. We may use third-party open source software in our products. Some open source licenses, such as copyleft open source licenses, require end-users who distribute software and servi