=== J_2025-11-20.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors may be magnified by the activities of any acquired business prior to the acquisition. While we may obtain indemnification rights from the sellers of acquired businesses and/or insurance that could mitigate certain of these risks, such rights may be difficult to enforce, the losses may exceed any dedicated escrow funds and the indemnitors may not have the ability to financially support the indemnity, or the insurance coverage may be unavailable or insufficient to cover all losses. If our leadership is unable to successfully integrate acquired companies or implement our growth strategy with respect to acquisitions and/or strategic investments, our operating results could be harmed. Moreover, we cannot assure that we will continue to successfully expand or that growth or expansion will result in profitability. In addition, there is no assurance that we will continue to locate suitable acquisition or investment targets or that we will be able to consummate any such transactions on terms and conditions acceptable to us. Existing cash balances and cash flow from operations, together with borrowing capacity under our credit facilities, may be insufficient to make acquisitions and/or strategic investments. Future acquisitions and/or strategic investments may require us to obtain additional equity or debt financing, which may not be available on attractive terms, or at all. Acquisitions and/or strategic investments may also bring us into businesses we have not previously conducted and expose us to additional business risks that are different than those we have traditionally experienced. Page 38 In addition, we may periodically divest or plan to divest businesses, including businesses that are no longer a part of our ongoing strategic plan. Divesting businesses involves risks and uncertainties, such as the difficulty separating assets related to such businesses from the businesses we retain, employee distraction, and the need to obtain regulatory approvals and other third-party consents, which could potentially disrupt customer and vendor relationships. These Divestitures may require a significant investment of our time and resources and may disrupt our business, distract our management from other responsibilities and may result in losses on disposal or continued financial involvement in the divested business, including through indemnification, guarantee or other financial arrangements, for a period of time following the divestment, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. When we determine that we would like to divest a business, we may not be able to divest that business on attractive terms or at all. Because of these challenges, as well as market conditions or other factors, anticipated divestitures may take longer or be costlier or generate fewer benefits than expected and may not be completed at all. If we are unable to complete the divestitures or to successfully transition divested businesses, our business and financial results could be negatively impacted. Acquisitions, strategic investments and divestitures create various business risks and uncertainties during the pendency of the transaction. Consummation of any acquisition, merger, strategic investment or divestiture is subject to the satisfaction of customary conditions, including one or more of the following: (i) due diligence and its associated time and cost commitments, (ii) board and shareholder approval, (iii) regulatory approvals, (iv) the absence of any legal restraint that would prevent the consummation of the transaction, (v) the absence of material adverse conditions which can prevent the consummation of the transaction, and (vi) compliance with covenants and the accuracy of representations and warranties contained in the transaction agreement, among others. One or more of these conditions may not be fulfilled and, accordingly, the transaction may not be consummated or may be significantly delayed. In such case, our ongoing business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected, and the market price of our common stock may decline, particularly to the extent that the market price reflects a market assumption that the transaction will be consummated or will be consummated within a particular timeframe. Furthermore, most transactions require the Company to incur substantial expense associated with closing and if the transaction is not consummated, we will incur these expenses without realizing the expected benefits. The pursuit of the transaction will also require management attention and use of internal resources that would otherwise be focused on general business operations. In addition, customers’ uncertainty about the effect of the transaction may have an adverse effect on the ability to win customer contracts or could cause existing clients to seek to change existing business relationships. Employee morale due to the uncertainties associated with the transaction could also be negatively affected. Any of the foregoing, or other risks arising in connection with a failure or delay in consummating a transaction, including the diversion of management attention or loss of other opportunities during the pendency of the transaction, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We may make minority investments that subject us to risks and uncertainties outside of our control. From time to time, the Company may make minority investments in the equity securities of companies that we do not control. Minority investments inherently involve a lesser degree of control over business operations, thereby potentially increasing the financial, legal, operational and/or compliance risks associated with the minority investment. To the extent we hold only a minority equity interest in a company, we may lack affirmative control rights, which may diminish our ability to influence the company’s affairs in a manner intended to enhance the value of our investment in the company. We could incur losses if the majority stakeholders or the management of the company takes risks or otherwise acts in a manner that does not serve our interests. In addition, we could be subject to reputational harm if the company in which the investment is made makes business, financial or management decisions with which we do not agree. These circumstances could also lead to disputes and litigation with management or employees of the company in which the investment is made, or its other stockholders. In most cases, the companies in which we make investments will have indebtedness or equity securities or may be permitted to incur indebtedness or to issue equity securities, which rank senior to our investment. We also may make investments in early-stage companies that depend on venture funding and are not profitable. In the event of insolvency, liquidation, dissolution, reorganization or bankruptcy of a company in which an investment is made, holders of debt instruments and securities ranking senior to our investment would typically be entitled to receive payment in full before distributions could be made in respect of our investment. Page 39 We may also enter into separate commercial arrangements with these companies, whether before, concurrently with, or after making a minority investment. In certain cases, the commercial arrangement may be a driving factor behind our investment. We cannot assure you that that the commercial arrangement will further our business strategy as we expected. We may not realize all the economic benefits expected from the commercial agreement or realize the expected return on our investments. Risks Related to Regulatory Compliance Past and future non-financial health, safety, security and environment-related laws and regulations could impose significant additional costs and liabilities. We are subject to a variety of HSSE-related laws and regulations governing, among other things, discharges to air and water, the handling, storage and disposal of hazardous or waste materials and the remediation of contamination associated with the releases of hazardous substances, government security standards and human health and safety. These laws and regulations and the risk of attendant litigation can cause significant delays to a project and add significantly to its cost. Violations of these regulations could subject us and our management to civil and criminal penalties and other liabilities. Various U.S. federal, state, local and foreign environmental laws and regulations may impose liability for property damage and costs of investigation and cleanup of hazardous or toxic substances on property currently or previously owned by us or arising out of our waste management or environmental remediation activities. These laws may impose responsibility and liability without regard to knowledge of or causation of the presence of contaminants. The liability under these laws may be joint and several. We have potential liabilities associated with our past waste management and other activities and with our current and prior ownership of various properties. The discovery of additional contaminants or the imposition of unforeseen clean-up obligations at these or other sites could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. HSSE laws and regulations and policies are reviewed periodically, and any changes thereto could affect us in substantial and unpredictable ways. Such changes could, for example, relax or repeal laws and regulations relating to the environment, which could result in a decline in the demand for our environmental services and, in turn, could negatively impact our revenue. Changes in the environmental laws and regulations, remediation obligations, enforcement actions, stricter interpretations of existing requirements, future discovery of contamination or claims for damages to persons, property, natural resources or the environment could result in material costs and liabilities that we currently do not anticipate. Failure to comply with any HSSE laws or regulations, whether actual or alleged, exposes us to fines, penalties or potential litigation liabilities, including costs, settlements and judgments, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. If we fail to comply with any governmental requirements, our business may be adversely affected. We are subject to U.S. federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations that affect our business, including data privacy and security, employment and labor relations, immigration, taxation, anti-corruption, anti-bribery, import-export controls, trade restrictions, internal and disclosure control obligations, securities regulation and anti-competition. For example, our global operations require importing and exporting goods and technology across international borders which requires compliance with all export and import laws and regulations. Although we have policies and procedures to comply with U.S. and foreign international trade laws, the violation of such laws could subject the Company and its employees to civil or criminal penalties, including substantial monetary fines, or other adverse actions including denial of import or export privileges or debarment from participation in U.S. government contracts, and could damage our reputation and our ability to do business. In addition, we and many of our clients operate in highly regulated environments, which requires us or our clients to obtain, and to comply with, federal, state and local government permits and approvals. These permits or approvals are subject to denial, revocation or modification under various circumstances. Failure to obtain or comply with, or the loss or modification of, the conditions of permits or approvals subjects us to the risk of penalties or other liabilities, could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and result of operations. Page 40 We could be adversely affected by violations of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar worldwide anti-bribery laws. The U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (“FCPA”), the U.K. Bribery Act of 2010, and similar anti-bribery laws in other jurisdictions generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. Our policies mandate compliance with these anti-bribery laws, including the requirements to maintain accurate information and internal controls. We operate in many parts of the world that have experienced governmental corruption to some degree and in certain circumstances; strict compliance with anti-bribery laws may conflict with local customs and practices. Despite our training and compliance programs, there is no assurance that our internal control policies and procedures will protect us from acts committed by our employees or agents. If we are found to be liable for FCPA or other violations (either due to our own acts or our inadvertence, or due to the acts or inadvertence of others), we could suffer from civil and criminal penalties or other sanctions in multiple jurisdictions, including contract cancellations or debarment and loss of reputation, any of which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Risks Related to Sustainability and Corporate Responsibility Climate change and related environmental issues could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Climate change related events, such as increased frequency and severity of storms, floods, wildfires, droughts, hurricanes, freezing conditions, and other natural disasters, may have both immediate and long-term impacts on our business, financial condition and results of operations. While we seek to mitigate our business risks associated with climate change, we recognize that there are inherent climate related risks regardless of where we conduct our business. For example, a catastrophic natural disaster could negatively impact any of our office locations and the locations of our customers. Access to clean water and reliable energy in the communities where we conduct our business is critical to our operations. Accordingly, a natural disaster has the potential to disrupt our and our customers’ businesses and may cause us to experience work stoppages, project delays, financial losses and additional costs to resume operations, including increased insurance costs or loss of coverage, legal liability and reputational losses. Further, the risks caused by climate change span across the full spectrum of the markets we serve. Our end-to-end services span advanced manufacturing, cities & places, energy, environmental, life sciences, transportation and water. The direct physical risks that climate change poses to infrastructure through chronic environmental changes, such as rising sea levels and temperatures, and acute events, such as hurricanes, droughts and wildfires, is common to each of these markets. Infrastructure owners could face increased costs to maintain their assets, which could result in reduced profitability and fewer resources for strategic investment. These types of physical risks could in turn lead to transitional risks (i.e., the degree to which society responds to the threat of climate change), such as market and technology shifts, including decreased demand for our services and solutions, reputational risks, such as how our values and practices regarding a low carbon transition are viewed by external and internal stakeholders, and policy and legal risks, such as the extent to which low carbon transitions are driven by the governments of the jurisdictions in which we operate around the globe, all of which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our business operations are subject to various and changing federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations that could result in costs or sanctions that adversely affect our business and results of operations. Evolving regulatory and disclosure standards around sustainability objectives and reporting could impose additional compliance obligations on us that could adversely impact our business and results of operations. We seek to comply with applicable international and domestic regulations and client demands regarding public disclosure of our sustainability practices. As new laws, regulations and similar initiatives and programs continue to be adopted and implemented, we will be required to comply with such laws or regulations or potentially face negative consequences, such as market access limitations, enforcement actions, civil suits or sanctions and fines. If new laws or regulations are more stringent than current legal or regulatory requirements, we may experience increased compliance burdens and costs to meet such obligations. At the same time, an increasing number of regulators, lawmakers and other stakeholders have expressed or pursued contrary views, legislation and investment expectations with respect to sustainability-related ambitions and disclosures, including the enactment or proposal of “anti-ESG” legislation, regulation or policies, which may expose us to additional legal, financial or reputational risks based on our ambitions and disclosures. Page 41 Governmental policies designed to address the effects of climate change, or inversely, eliminating the focus on the effects of climate change, could increase the costs of projects for our clients or eliminate some or all government funding for a project, which, in some cases, could prevent a project from going forward, thereby potentially reducing the need for our services, which would in turn have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, climate legislation enacted to address the effects of climate change across all geographies poses a similar risk to us and our clients as we operate globally. However, further policy changes and climate legislation could also increase the overall demand for our services as our clients and partners work to comply with such policies, such as by decarbonizing their industries, transitioning from fossil fuels to renewable energy sources and developing integrated and sustainable solutions, which could have a positive impact on our business. We cannot predict when or whether any of these various proposals may be enacted or what their effect will be on us or on our customers. We may also incur additional expenses as a result of U.S. and international regulators requiring additional disclosures regarding greenhouse gas ("GHG") emissions, and broader sustainability-related disclosures than we currently include in our Annual Sustainability Report or in other reports, documents and filings that are required to comply with global regulations. Compliance with the various laws and regulation that we are subject to and the associated potential cost, is further complicated by the fact that the countries and regions in which we operate are following different approaches to the regulation of both climate change and these broader matters. Complying, or failing to comply, with existing or future federal, state, local, and foreign legislation and regulations applicable to our sustainability efforts and reporting, which may conflict with one another, could cause us to incur additional compliance and operational costs or actions and suffer reputational harm, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We may be unable to achieve our climate commitments and targets. At Jacobs, we have established various climate commitments and targets, including our goal to source 100% renewable electricity and our net-zero target validated by the Science Based Targets initiative to reach net zero for our value chain by 2040. The achievement of our climate commitments and targets is subject to risks and uncertainties, many of which are outside of our control. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to: our ability to execute our operational strategies and achieve our goals within the currently projected costs and the expected timeframes; the availability and cost of alternative fuels, global electrical charging infrastructure, off-site renewable energy and other materials and components; unforeseen design, operational and technological difficulties; the outcome of research efforts and future technology developments, including the ability to scale projects and technologies on a commercially competitive basis such as carbon sequestration and/or other related processes; compliance with, and changes or additions to, global and regional regulations, taxes, charges, mandates or requirements relating to GHG emissions, carbon costs or climate-related goals; labor-related regulations and requirements that restrict or prohibit our ability to impose requirements on third-party contractors; adapting products to customer preferences and customer acceptance of sustainable supply chain solutions; the actions of competitors and competitive pressures and an acquisition of or merger with another company that has not adopted similar carbon goals or whose progress toward reaching its carbon goals is not as advanced as ours. Accordingly, there is no assurance that we will be able to successfully execute our operational strategies and achieve our climate commitments and targets, which could damage our reputation and our relationships with our customers and other stakeholders, negatively affecting our business and results of operations. Increasing scrutiny and changing and conflicting expectations from governmental organizations, clients, investors, suppliers and partners, communities and our employees with respect to our practices and disclosures related to sustainability and corporate responsibility may impose additional costs on us or expose us to new or additional risks that could adversely affect our business and results of operations. There is increasing scrutiny from governmental organizations, clients, investors, suppliers, partners, communities, employees and other stakeholders on companies’ practices and disclosures related to sustainability and corporate responsibility, including with respect to climate change and carbon emissions, human rights, ethics, supply chain management and human capital management. If our practices and disclosures related to sustainability and corporate responsibility do not meet evolving rules and regulations or stakeholder expectations and standards (or if we are viewed negatively based on positions we do or do not take or work we do or do not perform or cannot publicly disclose for certain clients and industries), then our reputation and our ability to attract and/or retain new clients and leading experts, employees and other professionals could be negatively impacted, as could our attractiveness as an investment, service provider, employer, or business partner, and further, could lead to lawsuits, penalties or market access restrictions. Similarly, any failure or perceived failure in our efforts to achieve our current or future sustainability and corporate responsibility-related goals, targets, and objectives, or to advance our related initiatives, including by failing to satisfy Page 42 various reporting standards within the timelines expected by stakeholders or at all, could also result in similar negative impacts. Public statements with respect to sustainability and corporate responsibility-related matters also are becoming increasingly subject to heightened scrutiny from public and governmental authorities for being misleading or overstating certain capabilities or commitments (e.g. "greenwashing" or "AI-washing"). We are aware that non-governmental organizations and other private actors have filed lawsuits against companies under various securities and consumer protection laws alleging that certain statements, goals or standards made by issuers were misleading, false or otherwise deceptive, including those related to sustainability, corporate responsibility and use of emerging technologies. An inability to implement our policies and practices related to sustainability and corporate responsibility and maintain compliance with laws and regulations, or a perception among stakeholders that our sustainability and corporate responsibility disclosures and goals are insufficient, that our goals are unattainable or that there is a misalignment between our stated commitments and our actual practices, could harm our reputation and competitive position and negatively impact our business and results of operations. We also provide information to our investors on our practices, policies and other matters related to sustainability and corporate responsibility and submit such information to organizations that evaluate companies on their approach to such matters. If we receive unfavorable ratings from these organizations, or if we fail to submit information to such organizations regarding our practices and policies, it may result in negative reactions from our investors, clients and/or other stakeholders, the diversion of investment or other projects to other companies, and difficulty in hiring skilled employees, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Risks Related to Our Indebtedness and Credit Markets We rely in part on liquidity from our credit facilities to fund our business. Restrictions in our credit facilities and other indebtedness could adversely affect our business. We are currently a borrower under several credit facilities and our subsidiary, Jacobs Engineering Group Inc., has issued notes pursuant to an indenture with respect to which Jacobs has provided a guarantee. These facilities and indenture contain customary covenants restricting, among other things, our ability to incur certain liens and indebtedness. We are also subject to certain financial covenants in our credit facilities, including maintenance of a maximum consolidated leverage ratio. A breach of any covenant or our inability to comply with the required financial ratios could result in a default under one or more of our credit facilities or indentures and limit our ability to do further borrowing. Further , our borrowing rate is also affected by our consolidated leverage ratio and any material increase in our leverage ratio could increase our borrowing rate. We cannot assure you that we will be able to maintain compliance with these covenants in the future and, if we fail to do so, we may be prohibited from undertaking actions that are necessary or desirable to maintain or expand our business. Additionally, if it becomes necessary to refinance these borrowings on less favorable terms, or if we are unable to refinance at all, our results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected by increased costs and rates. Our business may be adversely affected by disruptions or lack of liquidity in the credit markets, including reduced access to credit and higher costs of obtaining credit. We depend on the availability of credit to grow our business and to help fund business acquisitions. Instability in the credit markets in the U.S. or abroad, and continued inflation and rising interest rates could cause the availability of credit to be relatively difficult or expensive to obtain on commercially reasonable terms or in sufficient amounts. This situation could make it more difficult or more expensive for us to access funds, refinance our existing indebtedness, enter into agreements for new indebtedness, or obtain funding through the issuance of securities or such additional capital may not be available on terms acceptable to us, or at all. We also routinely enter into contracts with counterparties including vendors, suppliers and subcontractors that may be negatively impacted by events in the credit markets. Disruptions of the credit or capital markets could also adversely affect our clients’ ability to finance projects and could result in contract cancellations or suspensions, project delays and payment delays or defaults by our clients. In addition, clients may be unable to fund new projects, may choose to make fewer capital expenditures or otherwise slow their spending on our services or to seek contract terms more favorable to them. These circumstances could also lead to disputes and litigation with our partners or clients, which could have a material adverse impact on our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations. Page 43 Furthermore, our cash balances and short-term investments are maintained in accounts held by major banks and financial institutions located primarily in North America, Europe, South America, Australia and Asia. Some of our accounts hold deposits in amounts that exceed available insurance. In addition, we are subject to the risk that the counterparties to our credit agreements may go bankrupt if they suffer catastrophic demand on their liquidity that will prevent them from fulfilling their contractual obligations to us. Although none of our lenders or the financial institutions in which we hold our cash and investments have gone into bankruptcy or forced receivership, or have been seized by their governments, there is a risk that such events may occur in the future. If any such events were to occur, we would be at risk of not being able to access cash, which may result in a temporary liquidity crisis that could impede our ability to fund our operations, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Maintaining adequate bonding

=== J_2026-05-05.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors. Please refer to Item 1A- Risk Factors in our 2025 Form 10-K, which is incorporated herein by reference, for a discussion of some of the factors that have affected our business, financial condition, and results of operations in the past and which could affect us in the future. There have been no material changes to those risk factors, except for the information disclosed elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q that provides factual updates to those risk factors. Before making an investment decision with respect to our common stock, you should carefully consider those risk factors, as well as the financial and business disclosures contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and our other current and periodic reports filed with the SEC. Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. On March 20, 2026, as part of the consideration for the PA Consulting Transaction, the Company issued 2,043,537 shares of Company Common Stock to certain PA Shareholders in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by Section 3(a)(10) of the Securities Act, and to others in reliance on the exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act by virtue of Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and/or Rule 506 of Regulation D. Share Repurchases On January 30, 2025, the Company's Board of Directors authorized an incremental share repurchase program of up to $1.5 billion of the Company's common stock, to expire on January 30, 2028 (the "2025 Repurchase Authorization"). At March 27, 2026, the Company had $746.4 million remaining under the 2025 Repurchase Authorization. An aggregate summary of repurchases of the Company’s common stock made during the second quarter of fiscal 2026 under the 2025 Share Repurchase Authorization follows: Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid Per Share (1) Total Number of Shares Purchased under the 2025 Repurchase Authorizations Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the 2025 Repurchase Authorizations December 27, 2025 - January 23, 2026 161,721 $138.70 161,721 $943,772,913 January 24, 2026 - February 20, 2026 976,252 $135.81 976,252 $811,192,340 February 21, 2026 - March 27, 2026 476,868 $135.78 476,868 $746,440,839 Total 1,614,841 1,614,841 (1) Includes commissions paid and excise tax due under the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 and calculated at the average price per share. Our share repurchase program does not obligate the Company to purchase any shares. Share repurchases may be executed through various means including, without limitation, accelerated share repurchases, open market transactions, privately negotiated transactions, purchases pursuant to Rule 10b5-1 plans or otherwise. The authorization for the share repurchase programs may be terminated, increased or decreased by the Company’s Board of Directors in its discretion at any time. The timing, amount and manner of share repurchases may depend upon market conditions and economic circumstances, availability of investment opportunities, the availability and costs of financing, currency fluctuations, the market price of the Company's common stock, other uses of capital and other factors. Page 56 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities. None. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosure. None. Item 5. Other Information. During the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, none of our officers or directors adopted or terminated any contract, instruction or written plan for the purchase or sale of our securities that was intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) under the Exchange Act or any “non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement” as defined in Item 408(c) of Regulation S-K. Grant of Transaction Bonus On April 29, 2026, the Human Resource and Compensation Committee of Jacobs' Board of Directors approved a special, one-time cash bonus in the amount of $250,000 for Shannon Miller, our President, Strategy, Growth & Digital, in recognition of her effort to successfully lead the acquisition activities related to the PA Consulting Transaction, which closed in March 2026. Page 57 Item 6. Exhibits. 2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated November 20, 2023, by and among Jacobs Solutions Inc., Amazon Holdco Inc., Amentum Parent Holdings LLC and Amentum Joint Venture LP. Filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K on November 21, 2023 and incorporated herein by reference. 2.2 Amendment to Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated August 26, 2024, by and among Jacobs Solutions Inc., Amazon Holdco Inc., Amentum Parent Holdings LLC and Amentum Joint Venture LP. Filed as Exhibit 2,5 to the Registrant’s fiscal 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K and incorporated herein by reference. 2.3* Implementation Deed, dated as of January 2, 2026, by and among PA Consulting Group Limited, Jacobs UK Holdings Limited, Jacobs Solutions Inc. and the persons set out in Schedule 1 thereto. Filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K on January 5, 2026 and incorporated herein by reference. 3.1 Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Jacobs Solutions Inc . Filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K on February 3, 2025 and incorporated herein by reference. 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Jacobs Solutions Inc., dated as of July 31, 2025. Filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the third quarter of fiscal 2025 and incorporated herein by reference. 4.1 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 3, 2026, among the Company, Jacobs Engineering Group I nc. and U. S. Bank Trust Company, N. A. . Filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K on March 3, 2026 and incorporated herein by reference . 4.2 Form of the 4.750% Senior Notes due 2031, including the related Guarantee. Filed as part of Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K on March 3, 2026 and incorporated herein by reference . 4.3 Form of the 5.375% Senior Notes due 2036, including the related Guarantee . Filed as part of Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K on March 3, 2026 and incorporated herein by reference. 10.1 Credit Agreement, dated as of March 16, 2026, among Jacobs Solutions Inc., Jacobs Engineering Group Inc., certain of its wholly-owned subsidiaries as borrowers from time to time, the lenders party thereto, Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent. Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K on March 17, 2026 and incorporated herein by reference. 10.2 Term Loan Agreement, dated as of March 16, 2026, among Jacobs Solutions Inc., Jacobs Engineering Group Inc., the lenders party thereto, and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent. Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K on March 17, 2026 and incorporated herein by reference. 10.3#† Jacobs Solutions Inc. Executive Severance Plan, as amended and restated effective January 30, 2026. 22.1 Subsidiary Issuers of Guaranteed Securities. Filed as Exhibit 22.1 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the third quarter of fiscal 2024 and incorporated herein by reference. 31.1 † Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 31.2 † Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 32.1 † Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.2 † Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 101 The following financial statements from the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 27, 2026, formatted in Inline XBRL: (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Earnings, (iii)