=== GS_2026-02-25.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors We face a variety of risks that are substantial and inherent in our businesses. The following is a summary of some of the more important factors that could affect our businesses: Market • Our businesses have been and may in the future be adversely affected by conditions in the global financial markets and broader economic conditions. • Our businesses have been and may in the future be adversely affected by declining asset values, particularly where we have net “long” positions, receive fees based on the value of assets managed, or receive or post collateral. • Our market-making activities have been and may in the future be affected by changes in the levels of market volatility. • Our investment banking, client intermediation, asset management and wealth management businesses have in the past been adversely affected and may in the future be adversely affected by market uncertainty or lack of confidence among investors and CEOs due to declines in economic activity and other unfavorable economic, geopolitical or market conditions. • Our asset management and wealth management businesses have been and may in the future be adversely affected by the poor investment performance of our investment products or a client preference for products other than those which we offer or for products that generate lower fees. • Inflation has had and could in the future have a negative effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Liquidity • Our liquidity, profitability and businesses may be adversely affected by an inability to access the debt capital markets or to sell assets. • Our businesses have been and may in the future be adversely affected by disruptions or lack of liquidity in the credit markets, including reduced access to credit and higher costs of obtaining credit. • Reductions in our credit ratings or an increase in our credit spreads may adversely affect our liquidity and cost of funding. • Group Inc. is a holding company and its liquidity depends on payments and loans from its subsidiaries, many of which are subject to legal, regulatory and other restrictions on providing funds or assets to Group Inc. Credit • Our businesses, profitability and liquidity may be adversely affected by deterioration in the credit quality of or defaults by third parties. • Concentration of risk increases the potential for significant losses in our market-making, underwriting, investing and financing activities. • Derivative transactions and delayed documentation or settlements expose us to credit risk, unexpected risks and potential losses. Operational • A failure in our or third-party operational systems or human error, malfeasance or other misconduct, could impair our liquidity, disrupt our businesses, result in the disclosure of confidential information, damage our reputation and cause losses. • A failure or disruption in our infrastructure, or in the operational systems or infrastructure of third parties, could impair our liquidity, disrupt our businesses, damage our reputation and cause losses. • The development and use of AI present risks and challenges that may adversely impact our business. • A failure to protect our computer systems, networks and information, and our clients’ information, against cyber attacks and similar threats could impair our ability to conduct our businesses, result in the disclosure, theft or destruction of confidential information, damage our reputation and cause losses. • We have in the past incurred and may in the future incur losses as a result of ineffective risk management processes and strategies. 32 Goldman Sachs 2025 Form 10-K THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Legal and Regulatory • Our businesses and those of our clients are subject to extensive and pervasive regulation around the world. • A failure to appropriately identify and address potential conflicts of interest has in the past adversely affected and may in the future adversely affect our businesses. • We may be adversely affected by governmental and regulatory scrutiny or negative publicity. • Substantial civil or criminal liability or significant regulatory action against us has in the past had and may in the future have material adverse financial effects and significant reputational consequences, which in turn could seriously harm our business prospects. • In conducting our businesses around the world, we are subject to political, legal, regulatory, tax and other risks that are inherent in operating in many countries. • The application of regulatory strategies and requirements in the U.S. and in non-U.S. jurisdictions to facilitate the orderly resolution of large financial institutions could create greater risk of loss for Group Inc.’s security holders. • The application of Group Inc.’s proposed resolution strategy could result in greater losses for Group Inc.’s security holders. • Our commodities activities, particularly our physical commodities activities, subject us to extensive regulation and involve certain potential risks, including environmental, reputational and other risks that may expose us to significant liabilities and costs. Competition • Our results have been and may in the future be adversely affected by the composition of our client base. • The financial services industry is highly competitive. • The growth of electronic trading and the introduction of new products and technologies, including trading and distributed ledger technologies, such as cryptocurrencies, and AI technologies, has increased competition. • Our businesses would be adversely affected if we are unable to hire and retain qualified employees. Market Developments and General Business Environment • Our businesses, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations have been and may in the future be adversely affected by unforeseen or catastrophic events, including pandemics, terrorist attacks, wars, extreme weather events or other natural disasters. • Climate-related physical and transition risks could disrupt our businesses and adversely affect client activity levels and the creditworthiness of our clients and counterparties, and we are at increased risk of being subject to conflicting legal and regulatory requirements and stakeholder expectations regarding climate-related matters. • Our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations have been adversely affected by disruptions in the global economy caused by conflicts, and related sanctions and other developments. • Certain of our businesses and our funding instruments may be adversely affected by changes in reference rates, currencies, indexes, baskets or ETFs to which products we offer or funding that we raise are linked. • Our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations may be adversely affected by disruptions in the global economy caused by escalating tensions between the U.S. and China. • We face enhanced risks as we operate in new locations and transact with a broader array of clients and counterparties. • We may not be able to fully realize the expected benefits or synergies from acquisitions, joint ventures or other business initiatives in the time frames we expect, or at all. Goldman Sachs 2025 Form 10-K 33 THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES The following are detailed descriptions of our Risk Factors summarized above: Market Our businesses have been and may in the future be adversely affected by conditions in the global financial markets and broader economic conditions. Many of our businesses, by their nature, do not produce predictable earnings, and all of our businesses are materially affected by conditions in the global financial markets and economic conditions generally, both directly and through their impact on client activity levels and creditworthiness. These conditions can change suddenly and negatively. Our financial performance is highly dependent on the environment in which our businesses operate. A favorable business environment is generally characterized by, among other factors, high global gross domestic product growth, regulatory and market conditions that result in transparent, liquid and efficient capital markets, low inflation, business, consumer and investor confidence, stable geopolitical conditions and strong business earnings. Unfavorable or uncertain economic and market conditions can be caused by: low levels of or declines in economic growth, business activity or investor, business or consumer confidence; concerns over a potential recession; changes in consumer spending or borrowing patterns; pandemics; limitations on the availability or increases in the cost of credit and capital; illiquid markets; increases in inflation or interest rates; exchange rate or basic commodity price volatility; increasing or high default rates; high levels of inflation or stagflation; concerns about U.S. and other sovereign defaults; uncertainty concerning fiscal or monetary policy, government shutdowns, debt ceilings or funding; the extent of and uncertainty about potential changes in tax rates and regulatory changes; limitations on international trade and travel; changes in immigration policies; laws and regulations that limit trading in, or the issuance of, securities of issuers outside their domestic markets; political instability or violence; outbreaks or worsening of domestic or international tensions or hostilities, terrorism, nuclear proliferation, cybersecurity threats or attacks and other forms of disruption to or curtailment of global communication, energy transmission or transportation networks or other geopolitical instability or uncertainty; corporate, political or other scandals that reduce investor confidence in capital markets; extreme weather events or other natural disasters; or a combination of these or other factors. The financial services industry and the securities and other financial markets have been materially and adversely affected in the past by significant declines in the values of nearly all asset classes, by a severe lack of liquidity and by high levels of borrower defaults. In addition, concerns about actual or potential increases in interest rates, inflation and other borrowing costs, a public health emergency, sovereign debt risk and its impact on the relevant sovereign banking system, and limitations on international trade, have, at times, negatively impacted the levels of client activity. General uncertainty about economic, political and market activities, and the scope, timing and impact of regulatory reform, as well as weak consumer, investor and CEO confidence resulting in large part from such uncertainty, has in the past negatively impacted client activity, which has in the past adversely affected and could in the future adversely affect many of our businesses. The outcomes of political elections could also result in changes in policy, which could have adverse effects on us or the business environment in which we operate more generally. Periods of low volatility and periods of high volatility combined with a lack of liquidity have at times had an unfavorable impact on our market-making businesses. Changes, or proposed changes, to U.S. international trade and investment policies, particularly with important trading partners, have in recent years negatively impacted financial markets. Continued or escalating tensions may result in further actions taken by the U.S. or other countries that could disrupt international trade and investment and adversely affect financial markets. Those actions could include, among others, the implementation of or increase in sanctions, tariffs or foreign exchange measures, the large-scale sale of U.S. Treasury securities or other restrictions on cross-border trade, investment, or transfer of information or technology. For example, in April 2025, the U.S. announced broad tariffs on imports from China and other U.S. trading partners, and China subsequently announced changes in trade practices, including with respect to the export of rare earth minerals. Such developments have in the past affected and could in the future adversely affect our or our clients’ businesses. Financial institution returns may be negatively impacted by increased funding costs due in part to the lack of perceived government support of such institutions in the event of future financial crises relative to financial institutions in countries in which governmental support is maintained. In addition, liquidity in the financial markets has in the past been and could in the future be negatively impacted as market participants and market practices and structures adjust to evolving regulatory frameworks. 34 Goldman Sachs 2025 Form 10-K THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES The U.S. federal government has in the past reached and may in the future reach the statutory limit of its outstanding debt. In that situation, if Congress does not raise or suspend the debt ceiling, the U.S. could default on its obligations, including Treasury securities that play an integral role in financial markets. A default by the U.S. could result in unprecedented market volatility and illiquidity, heightened operational risks relating to the clearance and settlement of transactions, margin and other disputes with clients and counterparties, an adverse impact to investors including money market funds that invest in U.S. Treasuries, downgrades in the U.S. credit rating, further increases in interest rates and borrowing costs and a recession in the U.S. or other economies. Continued uncertainty relating to the debt ceiling could result in downgrades of the U.S. credit rating, which could adversely affect market conditions, lead to margin disputes, increases in interest rates and borrowing costs and necessitate significant operational changes among market participants, including us. A downgrade of the U.S. federal government’s credit rating could also materially and adversely affect the market for repurchase agreements, securities borrowing and lending, and other financings typically collateralized by U.S. Treasury or agency obligations. Further, the fair value, liquidity and credit ratings of securities issued by, or other obligations of, agencies of the U.S. government or related to the U.S. government or its agencies, as well as municipal bonds could be similarly adversely affected. An increasing frequency of government shutdowns, or near shutdowns, in the U.S. could also lead to uncertainty as to the continued funding of the U.S. government, which could, in turn, adversely affect the credit ratings of the U.S. and the market for U.S. Treasury or agency obligations, and shutdowns could adversely affect our underwriting business. Our businesses have been and may in the future be adversely affected by declining asset values, particularly where we have net “long” positions, receive fees based on the value of assets managed, or receive or post collateral. Many of our businesses have net “long” positions in debt securities, loans, derivatives, mortgages, equities (including private equity and real estate) and most other asset classes. These include positions we take when we act as a principal to facilitate our clients’ activities, including our exchange-based market-making activities, or commit large amounts of capital to maintain positions in interest rate and credit products, as well as through our currencies, commodities, equities and mortgage-related activities. In addition, we invest in similar asset classes. Substantially all of our investing and market-making positions and a portion of our loans are marked-to-market on a daily or other periodic basis and declines in asset values directly and promptly impact our earnings, unless we have effectively “hedged” our exposures to those declines. In certain circumstances, it may not be possible or economic to hedge our exposures and, to the extent that we do so, the hedge may be ineffective or may greatly reduce our ability to profit from increases in the values of the assets. This is particularly the case for credit products, including leveraged loans, private credit, and private equities or other securities that are not freely tradable or lack established and liquid trading markets. Sudden declines and significant volatility in the prices of assets have in the past substantially curtailed or eliminated and may in the future substantially curtail or eliminate the trading markets for certain assets, which may make it difficult to sell, hedge or value such assets. We may incur losses from time to time as trading markets deteriorate or cease to function, including with respect to loan commitments we have made or securities offerings we have underwritten. The inability to sell or effectively hedge assets reduces our ability to limit losses in such positions and the difficulty in valuing assets has in the past negatively affected and may in the future negatively affect our capital, liquidity or leverage ratios, our funding costs and our ability to deploy capital. In our exchange-based market-making activities, we are obligated by stock exchange rules to maintain an orderly market, including by purchasing securities in a declining market. In markets where asset values are declining and in volatile markets, this results in losses and an increased need for liquidity. We receive asset-based management fees based on the value of our clients’ portfolios or investment in funds managed by us and, in some cases, we also receive incentive fees based on increases in the value of such investments. Declines in asset values would ordinarily reduce the value of our clients’ portfolios or fund assets, which in turn would typically reduce the fees we earn for managing such assets. We post collateral to support our obligations and receive collateral that supports the obligations of our clients and counterparties. When the value of the assets posted as collateral or the credit ratings of the party posting collateral decline, the party posting the collateral may need to provide additional collateral or, if possible, reduce its trading position. An example of such a situation is a “margin call” in connection with a brokerage account. Therefore, declines in the value of asset classes used as collateral mean that either the cost of funding positions is increased or the size of positions is decreased or both. If we are the party providing collateral, this can increase our costs and reduce our profitability and if we are the party receiving collateral, this can also increase our risk and/or reduce our profitability by reducing the level of business done with our clients and counterparties. Goldman Sachs 2025 Form 10-K 35 THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES In addition, volatile or less liquid markets increase the difficulty of valuing assets, which can lead to costly and time-consuming disputes over asset values and the level of required collateral, as well as increased credit risk to the recipient of the collateral due to delays in receiving adequate collateral. In cases where we foreclose on collateral, sudden declines in the value or liquidity of the collateral have in the past resulted in and may in the future result in significant losses to us, especially where there is a single type of collateral supporting the obligation. In addition, we have been and may in the future be subject to claims that the foreclosure was not permitted under the legal documents, was conducted in an improper manner, including in violation of law, or caused a client or counterparty to incur significant losses or go out of business. Our market-making activities have been and may in the future be affected by changes in the levels of market volatility. Certain of our market-making activities depend on market volatility to provide trading and arbitrage opportunities to our clients, and decreases in volatility have reduced and may in the future reduce these opportunities and the level of client activity associated with them and have adversely affected and may in the future adversely affect the results of these activities. While increased volatility can increase trading volumes and spreads, it also increases risk as measured by Value-at-Risk (VaR) and increases risks in connection with our market-making activities and can cause us to reduce our inventory. Limiting the size of our market-making positions can adversely affect our profitability. In periods when volatility is increasing, but asset values are declining significantly, it may not be possible to sell assets at all or it may only be possible to do so at steep discounts. In those circumstances, we have been and may in the future be forced to either take on additional risk or to realize losses in order to decrease our VaR. In addition, increases in volatility increase the level of our RWAs, which increases the amount of capital that we are required to hold, and this can reduce our profitability and reduce our ability to distribute capital to our shareholders. For example, in August 2024, market volatility increased significantly, which adversely affected activity levels, increased our market RWAs and adversely impacted our results on some days. Our investment banking, client intermediation, asset management and wealth management businesses have in the past been adversely affected and may in the future be adversely affected by market uncertainty or lack of confidence among investors and CEOs due to declines in economic activity and other unfavorable economic, geopolitical or market conditions. Our investment banking business has in the past been and may in the future be adversely affected by market conditions. Poor economic conditions and other uncertain geopolitical conditions may adversely affect and have in the past adversely affected investor and CEO confidence, resulting in significant industry-wide declines in the size and number of underwritings and of advisory transactions, which would likely have and have in the past had an adverse effect on our revenues and our profit margins. In particular, because a significant portion of our investment banking revenues is derived from our participation in large transactions, a decline in the number of large transactions has in the past and would in the future adversely affect our investment banking business. Similarly, in recent years, cross-border initial public offerings and other securities offerings have accounted for a significant proportion of new issuance activity. Legislative, regulatory or other changes that limit trading in, or the issuance of, securities outside the issuers’ domestic markets, that result in or could result in the delisting or removal of securities from exchanges or indices, have in the past adversely affected and would in the future adversely affect our underwriting and client intermediation businesses. Furthermore, changes, or proposed changes, to international trade and investment policies of the U.S. and other countries could negatively affect market activity levels and our revenues. In certain circumstances, market uncertainty or general declines in market or economic activity may adversely affect our client intermediation businesses by decreasing levels of overall activity or by decreasing volatility. Market uncertainty, volatility and adverse economic conditions, as well as declines in asset values, may cause our clients to transfer their assets out of our funds or other products or their brokerage accounts and result in reduced net revenues, principally in our asset management and wealth management businesses. Even if clients do not withdraw their funds, they may invest them in products that generate less fee income. 36 Goldman Sachs 2025 Form 10-K THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Our asset management and wealth management businesses have been and may in the future be adversely affected by the poor investment performance of our investment products or a client preference for products other than those which we offer or for products that generate lower fees. Poor investment returns in our asset management and wealth management businesses, due to either general market conditions or underperformance (relative to our competitors or to benchmarks) by funds or accounts that we manage or investment products that we design or sell, affect our ability to retain existing assets and to attract new clients or additional assets from existing clients. This could affect the management and incentive fees that we earn on AUS or the commissions and net spreads that we earn for selling other investment products. To the extent that our clients choose to invest in products that we do not currently offer, we will suffer outflows and a loss of management fees. Further, if, due to changes in investor sentiment or the relative performance of certain asset classes or otherwise, clients continue to invest in products that generate lower fees (e.g., passively managed or fixed income products), our average effective management fee will decline further and our asset management and wealth management businesses could be adversely affected. Inflation has had and could in the future have a negative effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Inflationary pressures in recent years have affected economies, financial markets and market participants worldwide. Inflationary pressures in recent years have increased certain of our operating expenses, and have adversely affected consumer sentiment and CEO confidence. Central bank responses to inflationary pressures in recent years have also resulted in higher market interest rates relative to earlier years, which, in turn, have at times contributed to lower activity levels across financial markets, in particular for debt underwriting transactions and mortgage originations, and in some cases resulted in lower values for certain financial assets which have adversely affected our equity and debt investments. Higher interest rates increase our borrowing costs and rising interest rates have in recent years required us to increase interest paid on our deposits. If inflationary pressures increase, our expenses may increase; we may be unable to achieve our efficiency ratio target; activity levels for certain of our businesses, in particular debt underwriting and mortgages, may decline; our interest expense could increase faster than our interest income, reducing our net interest income and net interest margin; certain of our investments could incur losses or generally low levels of returns; AUS could decline, or the composition of our AUS could shift to lower fee products, reducing management and other fees; economies worldwide could experience recessions; and we could operate in a generally unfavorable economic and market environment. Liquidity Our liquidity, profitability and businesses may be adversely affected by an inability to access the debt capital markets or to sell assets. Liquidity is essential to our businesses. It is of critical importance to us, as most of the failures of financial institutions have occurred in large part due to insufficient liquidity. Our liquidity may be impaired by an inability to access secured and/or unsecured debt markets, an inability to raise or retain deposits, an inability to access funds from our subsidiaries or otherwise allocate liquidity optimally, an inability to sell assets or redeem our investments, lack of timely settlement of transactions, unusual deposit outflows, or other unforeseen outflows of cash or collateral. This situation may arise due to circumstances that we may be unable to control, such as a general market or economic disruption or an operational problem that affects third parties or us, or even by the perception among market participants that we, or other market participants, are experiencing greater liquidity risk. We employ structured products to benefit our clients and hedge our own risks. The financial instruments that we hold and the contracts to which we are a party are often complex, and these complex structured products often do not have readily available markets to access in times of liquidity stress. Our investing and financing activities may lead to situations where the holdings from these activities represent a significant portion of specific markets, which could restrict liquidity for our positions. Further, our ability to sell assets may be impaired if there is not generally a liquid market for such assets, as well as in circumstances where other market participants are seeking to sell similar otherwise generally liquid assets at the same time, as is likely to occur in a liquidity or other market crisis or in response to changes to rules or regulations. In addition, clearinghouses, exchanges and other financial institutions with which we interact may exercise set-off rights or the right to require additional collateral, including in difficult market conditions, which could further impair our liquidity. Numerous regulations impose stringent liquidity requirements on large financial institutions, including us. These regulations require us to hold large amounts of highly liquid assets and reduce our flexibility to source and deploy funding. Goldman Sachs 2025 Form 10-K 37 THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Our businesses have been and may in the future be adversely affected by disruptions or lack of liquidity in the credit markets, including reduced access to credit and higher costs of obtaining credit. Widening credit spreads, as well as significant declines in the availability of credit, have in the past adversely affected our ability to borrow on a secured and unsecured basis and may do so in the future. We fund ourselves on an unsecured basis by primarily issuing long-term debt and commercial paper, by raising deposits at our bank subsidiaries, by issuing structured debt and by obtaining loans or lines of

=== GS_2026-05-01.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A of the 2025 Form 10-K. Goldman Sachs March 2026 Form 10-Q 162 THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Management’s Discussion and Analysis These statements may relate to, among other things, (i) our future plans and results, including our target ROE, ROTE, efficiency ratio, CET1 capital ratio, total credit alternative assets, total alternative AUS, long-term wealth management inflows, percentage growth rate for Management and other fees from alternatives and annual third-party commitments in our alternatives business, and how they can be achieved, (ii) trends in or growth opportunities for our businesses, including the timing, costs, profitability, benefits and other aspects of business and strategic initiatives, such as OneGS 3.0, and their impact on our efficiency ratio, (iii) the opportunities and challenges presented by AI, (iv) our Investment banking fees backlog and future advisory and capital markets results, (v) expenses we may incur, including the level of future compensation expense, (vi) the projected growth of our deposits and other funding, (vii) our business and expense savings initiatives, including OneGS 3.0, (viii) our planned benchmark debt issuances, (ix) our credit exposures, (x) our expected provision for credit losses and the adequacy of our allowance for credit losses, (xi) the objectives and effectiveness of our BCP, information security program, risk management and liquidity policies, (xii) our resolution plan and its implications for stakeholders, (xiii) the effect of changes to regulations, and our future status, activities or reporting under banking and financial regulation, (xiv) our expected tax rate, (xv) the future state of our liquidity and regulatory capital ratios, and our prospective capital distributions (including dividends and repurchases), (xvi) our expected SCB and G-SIB surcharge, (xvii) legal proceedings, governmental investigations or other contingencies, (xviii) the asset recovery guarantee and applications for exemptions and authorizations from regulatory authorities related to our 1Malaysia Development Berhad (1MDB) settlements, (xix) the effectiveness of our management of our human capital and changes in headcount, (xx) our sustainability goals, (xxi) future inflation, (xxii) our ability to transition the Apple Card program to another issuer and (xxiii) the effectiveness of our cybersecurity risk management process. Statements about our target ROE, ROTE, efficiency ratio and expense savings, and how they can be achieved, are based on our current expectations regarding our business prospects and are subject to the risk that we may be unable to achieve our targets due to, among other things, changes in our business mix and inability to grow our businesses and execute our strategy. Statements about our target ROE, ROTE and CET1 capital ratio, and how they can be achieved, are based on our current expectations regarding the capital requirements applicable to us and are subject to the risk that our actual capital requirements may be higher than currently anticipated because of, among other factors, changes in the regulatory capital requirements applicable to us resulting from changes in regulations, including as a result of any revisions to the U.S. bank regulatory capital rules, or the interpretation or application of existing regulations or changes in the nature and composition of our activities. Statements about our total credit alternative assets, total alternative AUS, long-term wealth management inflows, percentage growth rate for Management and other fees from alternatives targets and annual third-party commitments in our alternatives business are based on our current expectations regarding our fundraising prospects and are subject to the risk that actual inflows or fees may be lower than expected due to, among other factors, competition from other asset managers, changes in investment preferences and changes in economic or market conditions. Statements about the timing, costs, profitability, benefits and other aspects of business and expense savings initiatives, including OneGS 3.0, the level and composition of more durable revenues and increases in market share are based on our current expectations regarding our ability to implement these initiatives, and actual results may differ, possibly materially, from our current expectations due to, among other things, a delay in the timing of these initiatives, increased competition and an inability to reduce expenses and grow businesses with more durable revenues. Statements about the opportunities and challenges presented by AI are subject to the risks that we may not be timely or successful in developing or integrating new AI products and technologies into our existing products and services or that evolving laws and regulations could require changes in our implementation of AI technology and increase our compliance costs and the risk of non-compliance. Statements about expenses we may incur, our level of future compensation expense, including as a percentage of both operating expenses and net revenues, net of provision for credit losses, and our efficiency ratio are subject to the risks that the compensation and other costs to operate our businesses may be greater than currently expected. 163 Goldman Sachs March 2026 Form 10-Q THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Management’s Discussion and Analysis Statements about our Investment banking fees backlog and future advisory and capital market results are subject to the risk that advisory and capital market activity may not occur as we expect or that such transactions may be modified or may not be completed at all, and related net revenues may not be realized or may be materially less than expected. Important factors that could have such a result include, for underwriting transactions, a decline or weakness in general economic conditions, changes in international trade policies (including the potential for new or increased tariffs), the continuation or worsening of the conflict in the Middle East, volatility in the securities markets or an adverse development with respect to the issuer of the securities and, for financial advisory transactions, a decline in the securities markets, an inability to obtain adequate financing, an adverse development with respect to a party to the transaction or a failure to obtain a required regulatory approval. Statements about the projected growth of our deposits and other funding are subject to the risk that actual growth, savings and profitability may differ, possibly materially, from that currently anticipated due to, among other things, changes in interest rates and competition from other similar products. Statements about planned benchmark debt issuances are subject to the risk that actual issuances may differ, possibly materially, from that currently expected due to changes in market conditions, business opportunities or our funding and projected liquidity needs. Statements about our expected provision for credit losses are subject to the risk that actual credit losses may differ and our expectations may change, possibly materially, from that currently anticipated due to, among other things, changes to the composition of our loan portfolio and changes in the economic environment in future periods and our forecasts of future economic conditions, as well as changes in our models, policies and other management judgments. Statements about our future effective tax rate are subject to the risk that it may differ from the anticipated rate indicated in such statements, possibly materially, due to, among other things, changes in the tax rates applicable to us, changes in our earnings mix, our profitability and entities in which we generate profits, the assumptions we have made in forecasting our expected tax rate, the interpretation or application of existing tax statutes and regulations, as well as any corporate tax legislation that may be enacted or an