=== VLO_2026-03-19.htm.gz ===
vlo-20260318 VALERO ENERGY CORP/TX 0001035002 DEF 14A FALSE iso4217:USD iso4217:USD xbrli:shares 0001035002 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001035002 vlo:R.LaneRiggsMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001035002 vlo:R.LaneRiggsMember 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0001035002 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0001035002 vlo:R.LaneRiggsMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001035002 vlo:JosephW.GorderMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001035002 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001035002 vlo:JosephW.GorderMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001035002 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001035002 vlo:JosephW.GorderMember 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0001035002 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0001035002 vlo:R.LaneRiggsMember 2023-07-01 2025-12-31 0001035002 vlo:JosephW.GorderMember 2020-01-01 2023-06-30 0001035002 vlo:R.LaneRiggsMember ecd:AggtChngPnsnValInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001035002 vlo:R.LaneRiggsMember ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001035002 vlo:R.LaneRiggsMember ecd:AggtPnsnAdjsSvcCstMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001035002 vlo:R.LaneRiggsMember ecd:EqtyAwrdsAdjsExclgValRprtdInSummryCompstnTblMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001035002 ecd:AggtChngPnsnValInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001035002 ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001035002 ecd:AggtPnsnAdjsSvcCstMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001035002 ecd:EqtyAwrdsAdjsExclgValRprtdInSummryCompstnTblMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001035002 vlo:R.LaneRiggsMember ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001035002 vlo:R.LaneRiggsMember ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001035002 vlo:R.LaneRiggsMember ecd:VstngDtFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdAndVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001035002 vlo:R.LaneRiggsMember ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001035002 vlo:R.LaneRiggsMember ecd:FrValAsOfPrrYrEndOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsFldVstngCondsDrngCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001035002 vlo:R.LaneRiggsMember ecd:DvddsOrOthrErngsPdOnEqtyAwrdsNtOthrwsRflctdInTtlCompForCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001035002 vlo:R.LaneRiggsMember ecd:EqtyAwrdsAdjsExclgValRprtdInSummryCompstnTblMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001035002 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001035002 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001035002 ecd:VstngDtFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdAndVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001035002 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001035002 ecd:FrValAsOfPrrYrEndOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsFldVstngCondsDrngCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001035002 ecd:DvddsOrOthrErngsPdOnEqtyAwrdsNtOthrwsRflctdInTtlCompForCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001035002 1 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001035002 2 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material under 240.14a-12 Valero Energy Corporation ( Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check all boxes that apply): No fee required Fee paid previously with preliminary materials Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11 Table of Contents Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders The 2026 annual meeting of stockholders of Valero Energy Corporation is scheduled to be held in a virtual format as follows: MEETING DATE TIME: MEETING SITE: RECORD DATE: Thursday, May 7, 2026 11 a.m., Central Time www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/VLO2026 March 11, 2026 (close of business) The purpose of the annual meeting is to consider and vote on the following: Voting Matters Board Recommendation Proxy Statement Disclosure Begins on (1) Elect directors FOR each director nominee p.2 (2) Advisory vote to approve 2025 executive compensation FOR p.77 (3) Ratify KPMG LLP as independent auditor FOR p.78 (4) Other matters, if any, properly brought before the meeting Valero Energy Corporation One Valero Way San Antonio, Texas 78249 March 19, 2026 By order of the Board of Directors, Jude A. Dworaczyk Corporate Secretary and SEC Counsel Table of Contents About This Proxy Statement Policies and Procedures This proxy statement includes statements regarding various policies, standards, approaches, methodologies, procedures, processes, strategies, programs, initiatives, assessments, technologies, practices, metrics, and similar measures related to our sustainability and climate-related data, disclosures, targets, actions, performance, and compliance systems (collectively, Policies and Procedures ). References to Policies and Procedures in this proxy statement do not represent guarantees or promises about their efficacy or continued implementation or use, or any assurance that any such Policies and Procedures will apply in every case. While we believe that our Policies and Procedures reflect our business strategy and are reasonable at the time made or used, as our business or applicable methodologies, standards, or regulations develop and evolve, we may revise or cease reporting or using certain Policies and Procedures if we determine that they are no longer appropriate, or we are otherwise required to do so. Such Policies and Procedures are subject to risks, uncertainties, and other factors, some of which are beyond our control and are difficult to predict, and there may be circumstances, factors, or considerations that may cause different implementation thereof, revised or discontinued use thereof, or exceptions in specific instances. Cautionary Statement Concerning Forward-Looking Statements This proxy statement contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), including, but not limited to, statements about Policies and Procedures. You can identify forward-looking statements by words such as should, strive, pursue, potential, committed, advancing, developing, evaluating, intend, anticipate, forecast, on track, would, continue, aimed, considering, poised, focused, opportunity, scheduled, believe, estimate, expect, seek, could, may, target, goal, aspiration, plan, and other similar expressions that convey the uncertainty of future events or outcomes. Forward-looking statements in this proxy statement also include those related to our publicly disclosed target regarding greenhouse gas ( GHG ) emissions reductions/displacements, expectations related to our low-carbon fuels strategy and businesses, outcomes from compensation incentives, and our board of directors composition, leadership, and oversight structure, expected timing of completion, cost, and performance of projects and strategic actions, future market, regulatory, and industry conditions, future capital allocation decisions, future operating and financial performance, expected timing or issuance of future disclosures, future production and manufacturing ability and size, and management of risks and uncertainties, among other matters. It is important to note that actual results could differ materially from those expressed, suggested, or forecasted in any forward-looking statements based on numerous factors, including those outside of our control, such as legislative or political changes or developments, market dynamics, cyberattacks, weather events, and other matters affecting our operations, financial performance, or the demand for our products. These factors also include, but are not limited to, the uncertainties that remain with respect to current or contemplated legal, political, or regulatory developments that are adverse to or restrict refining and marketing operations, that impose taxes or penalties on profits, windfalls, or margins, or require certain disclosures, global geopolitical and other conflicts and tensions, the impact of inflation on margins and costs, economic activity levels, tariffs, duties, sanctions, and other trade restrictions, and the adverse effects the foregoing may have on our business plan, strategy, operations, and financial performance. When considering these forward-looking statements, you should also consider the risk factors and other cautionary statements contained in our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and other reports filed with the United States ( U.S. ) Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ) and available on our website noted under Available Information below (under Investors Financials SEC filings). These risks could cause actual performance, results, and Policies and Procedures to differ materially from those expressed, suggested, or forecasted in any forward-looking statement. Such forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made and we do not intend to update these statements unless we are required by applicable securities laws to do so. Available Information Our website address is www.valero.com. This proxy statement references various disclosures and documents regarding various sustainability, climate, governance, compliance, and compensation matters, as well as certain third-party conclusions, reports, and data. Many of these and other disclosures and documents, such as our 2025 Report on Guiding Principles (previously our Environmental, Social, and Governance ( ESG ) report), information regarding our GHG emissions reductions/displacements, independent assurance, verifications, and validations, compensation and benefits agreements, plans, and policies, and our political activities are published on our website (under Investors Governance Engagement). These and any other disclosures and documents available on our website (regardless of the location), as well as those referenced elsewhere herein, are not themselves part of this proxy statement, are not soliciting material, are not deemed filed with the SEC, and are not to be incorporated by reference into any of our filings with the SEC (including this proxy statement), whether made before or after the date of this proxy statement and irrespective of any general incorporation language therein, unless specifically identified in such filing as being incorporated by reference in such filing. Third-party conclusions, reports, and data discussed in this proxy statement reflect the modeling, beliefs, assumptions, and outputs of their respective authors, not us, and their use, reference to, or inclusion herein is not an endorsement by us thereof. Any reference to our support of, alignment with, work with, or collaboration with a third party within this proxy statement does not constitute or imply an endorsement by us of any or all of the positions or activities of such third party. References to website URLs are intended to be inactive textual references only . Certain disclosures herein represent our good faith effort to address an array of broadly defined topics related to sustainability, climate, governance, compliance, and compensation of interest to certain stakeholders, and the inclusion herein or reference thereto is not necessarily an indication that such information, or related statements or matters, are material to investors or are required to be disclosed in our filings or reports with the SEC. Table of Contents Table of Contents Overview of Our Risk Management and Oversight Structure 1 Human Resources and Compensation Committee Report 51 Proposal No. 1 Election of directors 2 Compensation Consultant Disclosures 52 Summary of Each Director Nominee s Skills, Experience, and Attributes 3 Equity Compensation Plan Information 53 Nominees 4 Executive Compensation 54 How Our Board is Structured, Governed, and Operates 9 Summary Compensation Table 54 Our Directors Demonstrated Commitment in 2025 9 Grants of Plan-Based Awards 57 Overview of Our Board Committees 9 Outstanding Equity Awards at December 31, 2025 60 How We Maintain an Effective Board and Strong Director Performance 14 Option Exercises and Stock Vested 62 Annual Board and Committee Evaluation Process 14 Post-Employment Compensation 63 Director Rotation, Refreshment , and Retirement 14 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation 65 Director Overboarding Policy 15 Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change of Control 66 New Director Orientation and Onboarding 16 Director Compensation 69 Director Continuing Education 16 Pay Ratio Disclosure 71 Our Board s Leadership Structure and Strong Independent Oversight 16 S EC Pay Versus Performance 72 Recent T ransition of Our Chairman of the Board 16 Proposal No. 2 Advisory vote to approve compensation of named executive officers 77 The Role of Our CEO and Chairman 17 Proposal No. 3 Ratify appointment of KPMG LLP as independent auditor 78 Our Board s Strong Counterbalance of Independent Leadership and Oversight 17 KPMG LLP Fees 79 Recent Transition of Our Independent Lead Director 17 Report of the Audit Committee for Fiscal Year 2025 80 The Role of Our Independent Lead Director 17 Additional Information Board Independence, Related Party Matters, and Beneficial Ownership 81 Ongoing Evaluation and Consideration by the Board 17 202 6 Annual Meeting of Stockholders Important Voting and Meeting Information 84 How Our Board is Involved in CEO and Senior Executive Succession Planning 18 Miscellaneous 89 How Our Director Nominees are Selected 18 Governance Documents and Codes of Ethics 89 Additional Details on Our Risk Management and Oversight Structure 19 Stockholder Communications, Nominations, and Proposals 89 Additional Highlights Low-Carbon Fuels, Cybersecurity/IT, and Compliance 21 Other Business 90 Risk Assessment of Compensation Programs 23 Financial Statements 90 Compensation Discussion and Analysis (including table of contents for section) 24 Householding 90 Executive Compensation in Summary 24 Transfer Agent 90 2025 Say- on-Pay Engagement Efforts and Re sp onse 26 Elements of Executive Compensation 36 Our Board is soliciting proxies to be voted at our annual meeting of stockholders to be held on May 7, 2026 (the Annual Meeting ). The accompanying notice describes the time, place, and purpose of the Annual Meeting. Action may be taken at the Annual Meeting or on any date to which the meeting may be adjourned. Unless otherwise indicated, the terms Valero, we, our, and us in this proxy statement may refer to Valero Energy Corporation, to one or more of our consolidated subsidiaries and/or consolidated joint ventures, or to all of them taken as a whole. Board means our board of directors. Holders of record of our common stock, par value $0.01 ( Common Stock or Valero Common Stock ), at the close of business on March 11, 2026 (the Record Date ) are entitled to vote on the matters presented at the Annual Meeting. Our Common Stock trades on the New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE ) under the trading symbol VLO. Our proxy materials are first being sent or made available on or ab o ut March 19, 2026 , to stockholders entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting. See also 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders Important Voting and Meeting Information. Table of Contents OVERVIEW OF OUR RISK MANAGEMENT AND OVERSIGHT STRUCTURE Below is an overview of our risk management and oversight structure. The risk management and key functions and areas of oversight and responsibility of our Board and its committees are discussed further under How Our Board is Structured, Governed, and Operates and Additional Information Board Independence, Related Party Matters, and Beneficial Ownership below. Full Board Risk management and oversight are responsibilities of the full Board. The full Board exercises such responsibilities directly and through its committees. Valero s comprehensive liquid fuels strategy is one of several key areas overseen by the full Board. Audit Committee Human Resources and Compensation Committee Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Sustainability and Public Policy Committee Key functions and areas of oversight and responsibility include Valero s: financial statements and public financial information integrity; compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, with a focus on those with the potential to impact its financial statements or accounting policies; policies and guidelines concerning financial risk exposures and the steps management has taken to monitor and control such exposures; global compliance and ethics program, and annual compliance plan; independent auditor and internal audit function; and initiatives and strategies with respect to cybersecurity and information technology ( IT ) risks. Key functions and areas of oversight and responsibility include: risks and other matters related to Valero s compensation and talent management programs, policies, and strategies, including Valero s benefit plans; management succession planning for Valero s Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) and other senior executives; Valero s initiatives and strategies in the areas of human capital management and leadership development; and compliance with Valero s Stock Ownership and Retention Guidelines . Key functions and areas of oversight and responsibility include: ensuring that the Board and its committees have the necessary mix of knowledge, skills, experience, and other attributes; identifying and recommending qualified director nominees; developing and recommending a set of corporate governance principles applicable to Valero; the Board s and its committees annual self-evaluation of performance; Valero s new director orientation and director continuing education programs; and reviewing and acting on any related-party transactions. Key functions and areas of oversight and responsibility include: health, safety, and environmental ( HSE ) matters; sustainability and climate-related risks and opportunities; corporate responsibility and reputation management; social, community, and public policy strategies and initiatives; political issues, including political contributions and lobbying activities; and compliance with legal and regulatory requirements for the operations of the company. Valero s Management/Employees Ways that our management/employees engage in day-to-day risk identification and management, and promote safety, include: executing our risk identification and management programs, plans, and systems, such as our Commitment to Excellence Management System (CTEMS), Environmental Excellence and Risk Assessment (EERA), and Fuels Management System (FMS); taking an interdisciplinary approach that coordinates the views of various teams and subject matter experts ( SMEs ) across Valero, and facilitates continual communication on risk-related matters; and reporting to the Board and its committees, and engaging with stockholders and stakeholders throughout the year. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 1 Table of Contents PROPOSAL NO. 1 Election of directors (ITEM 1 ON THE PROXY CARD) The Board recommends that Valero s stockholders vote FOR each director nominee Annual Election/Non-Classified Board . We do not have a classified Board. Each of our continuing directors stands for election every year at the annual meeting of stockholders. If elected at the Annual Meeting, all of the nominees listed below will serve as director for a one-year term expiring at the 2027 annual meeting of stockholders. Majority Voting, General Effect of the Vote, and Proxies. Under our bylaws, each director is to be elected at the Annual Meeting by the vote of the majority of the votes cast at the Annual Meeting. For this purpose, a majority of the votes cast means that the number of shares voted for a director s election exceeds 50 percent of the number of votes cast with respect to that director s election. Votes cast exclude abstentions. If any nominee is unavailable as a candidate at the time of the Annual Meeting, either the number of directors constituting the full Board will be reduced to eliminate the resulting vacancy, or, to the extent permissible, the persons named as proxies in the proxy card will use their best judgment in voting such proxies at the Annual Meeting for any available nominee. See 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders Important Voting and Meeting Information below for additional information, including with respect to the voting standard, the general effect of the vote, and proxies. Information Concerning Our Director Nominees. The Board (upon recommendation from the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee) has nominated the 10 individuals listed below in this Proposal No. 1 Election of directors for election as a director at the Annual Meeting. There is no family relationship between any of our executive officers, directors, or director nominees. There is no arrangement or understanding between any director or any other person pursuant to which the director was or is to be selected as a director or nominee. Proxies cannot be voted for a greater number of persons than the number of nominees named. Additional information with respect to such nominees is set forth or referenced below in this Proposal No. 1 Election of directors. Age and tenure data below are as of December 31, 2025. 2 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Table of Contents PROPOSAL NO. 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Summary of Each Director Nominee s Skills, Experience, and Attributes The table below provides a summary of certain competencies and attributes of the director nominees and the reason such competencies are important to Valero and in selecting each director nominee. The lack of an indicator for an item does not mean that the director does not possess that skill or experience. Rather, the indicator represents that the item is a key skill and experience that the director brings to the Board. The backgrounds, skills, experience, and other attributes of our director nominees are further described in the nominees respective biographies set forth under Nominees below and informed the Board in its decision to nominate such individuals as director nominees for the Annual Meeting. Diaz Eberhart Ffolkes Greene Majoras Mullins Reymond Riggs Weisenburger Wilkins TOTAL SKILLS, EXPERIENCE, AND ATTRIBUTES CEO/LEADERSHIP adds to the Board s leadership ability and understanding of operations and strategy l l l l l l l l l l 10 ENERGY INDUSTRY is important in assessing and managing the risks and opportunities our business faces l l l l l l l l 8 Upstream l l l 3 Midstream/Logistics l l l l l l 6 Downstream/Industrial Gas/Utilities l l l l l l l 7 HSE supports oversight of HSE matters and provides valuable knowledge and perspective on providing safe and responsible operations l l l l l l l l l l 10 FINANCE AND ACCOUNTING is valuable in evaluating and overseeing our financial statements, capital structure and allocation, and financial risks and strategy l l l l l l l l 8 HUMAN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT supports oversight on matters such as succession planning, talent and leadership development, retention, compensation, and employee initiatives and strategies l l l l l l l l l l 10 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE provides insight in fostering operational excellence, disciplined capital management, and long-term value, while also facilitating strong Board performance l l l l l l l l l l 10 SUSTAINABILITY supports oversight of the sustainability and climate-related risks and opportunities we face, and is valuable to maintaining our license to operate l l l l l l l l l l 10 CYBERSECURITY/IT provides important knowledge and perspective in evaluating and overseeing the cyber and IT risks and opportunities we face l l l l l l 6 GLOBAL BUSINESS provides valuable business knowledge and perspective on our international operations and global markets and dynamics l l l l l l l l 8 GOVERNMENT, LEGAL, REGULATORY, AND COMPLIANCE contributes to the Board s ability to guide us through complex legal, regulatory, and public policy matters, and supports our commitment to compliance, ethics, and integrity l l l l l l l l 8 RISK MANAGEMENT contributes to the identification, assessment, and prioritization of the risks we face l l l l l l l l l l 10 INDEPENDENT represents directors who are independent under SEC and NYSE standards l l l l l l l l l 9 Men Women White Black/African American Hispanic /Latino 50s 60s 70s 6 7-10 11-15 Years Years Tenure 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 3 Table of Contents PROPOSAL NO. 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Nominees FRED M. DIAZ Featured experience, qualifications, and attributes : GLOBAL BUSINESS, AUTO INDUSTRY, AND RISK MANAGEMENT experience as President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors of Mitsubishi Motors North America, Inc. from April 2018 to April 2020 (when he retired), and as General Manager, Performance Optimization Global Marketing and Sales of Mitsubishi Motors Corporation in Tokyo, Japan from July 2017 to April 2018. From April 2013 to July 2017, Mr. Diaz served in a number of roles for Nissan Motor Corporation, including Division Vice President General Manager - North American Trucks and Light Commercial Vehicles, Sr. Vice President Sales Marketing and Operations, and Division Vice President, Sales Marketing and Parts Service. Mr. Diaz also served in several roles for Fiat Chrysler Automobiles (FCA) from 2004 to April 2013, including President and CEO of the Ram Truck Brand, President and CEO of Chrysler Mexico, Head of National Sales, Regional Managing Director of the Denver Business Center, and Director of Dodge Brand Marketing Communications. SUSTAINABILITY AND HUMAN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT experience through his leadership and management roles in the auto sector noted above, his current service on the boards of other public companies, including a company focused on designing and developing an electric taxi aircraft (Archer Aviation Inc.), and his current service as a member of sustainability, human resources, audit, and compensation committees for the public companies listed below. FINANCE AND ACCOUNTING expertise through his experience noted above as CEO for several companies in the auto sector, where the understanding of and accountability for accurate financial statements and reporting was crucial, and his audit committee service noted above. GOVERNANCE experience through his board and executive roles noted above, and his service as a Board Director Member of the Latino Corporate Directors Association (LCDA), and a National Association of Corporate Directors (NACD) Full Board Member and Certified Board Leadership Fellow. Other public company boards (current) : Archer Aviation Inc., SiteOne Landscape Supply, Inc. (f/k/a John Deere Landscapes LLC), and Smith Wesson Brands, Inc. Prior public company boards (last five years) : None Age : 60 Director Since : 2021 Committee : Audit Independent H. PAULETT EBERHART Featured experience, qualifications, and attributes : GLOBAL BUSINESS LEADERSHIP AND GOVERNANCE experience as Board Chair and CEO of HMS Ventures (since 2014), a privately held business involved with technology services and the acquisition and management of real estate. From 2011 through March 2014, she served as President and CEO of CDI Corp., a provider of engineering and IT outsourcing and professional staffing services that was then a public company. She served as a consultant to CDI Corp. from April 2014 to December 2014, and as Board Chair and CEO of HMS Ventures from January 2009 to January 2011. Prior to that, she served as President and CEO at Invensys Process Systems, Inc. ( Invensys ), a process automation company (2007 to 2009), and had an extensive career at Electronic Data Systems Corporation ( EDS ) (1978 to 2004), an IT and business process outsourcing company, where she was President of Americas (2003 to March 2004), and President of Solutions Consulting (2002 to 2003). While at Invensys and EDS, she led businesses with clients across the globe. CYBERSECURITY/IT, FINANCE, AND ACCOUNTING strong knowledge of the intersection of technology, data, and finance from over four decades of experience in various executive, financial, and operational roles in the technology services and IT sectors noted above, and her current board and audit committee service at KORE Group Holdings, Inc. ( KORE ), a public company focused on Internet of Things solutions, and LPL Financial Holdings Inc. ( LPL ), a public company focused on the financial advisor-mediated marketplace. She is also a Certified Public Accountant. ENERGY INDUSTRY AND SUSTAINABILITY experience from over a decade of board service in the energy industry, including her former service on the boards of Anadarko Petroleum Corporation ( Anadarko ), Vine Energy Inc. ( Vine ), Cameron International Corporation, and Jonah Energy LLC. COMPLIANCE, RISK MANAGEMENT, HSE, AND HUMAN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT expertise through her leadership experience noted above, her current and prior service on the boards of other public companies, including her current service as a member of the compensation committees of Fluor Corporation ( Fluor ) and LPL, the commercial strategies and operational risk committee of Fluor, the audit committee of KORE, and the audit and risk committee of LPL, which she chairs. She previously chaired the HSE committee of Vine, and the governance and risk committee of Anadarko (committee responsibilities included HSE oversight), and was also the lead director of Anadarko. Other public company boards (current): Fluor, KORE, and LPL Prior public company boards (last five years): Vine Age : 72 Director Since : 2016 Committees : Audit (Chair); and Sustainability and Public Policy Independent Lead Director 4 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Table of Contents PROPOSAL NO. 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS MARIE A. FFOLKES Featured experience, qualifications, and attributes : GLOBAL BUSINESS LEADERSHIP expertise as a current managing partner at GenNx360 Capital Partners, a private equity firm (since October 2023). Previously, she served as CEO of Axxelist LLC, a technology real estate company she founded (from December 2021 to December 2023), and as CEO of TriMark USA, LLC ( TriMark ) (from January 2020 to December 2021). She was born in Jamaica and has lived and worked in Brazil, China, France, Japan, Korea, Brussels, the United Kingdom (the U.K. ), and the U.S. INDUSTRIAL GAS, AUTO INDUSTRY, HSE, AND CYBERSECURITY/IT expertise through her experience as President, Industrial Gases, Americas of Air Products Chemicals, Inc. ( Air Products ) from May 2015 to January 2020. From 2011 to May 2015, she served in various executive and senior leadership roles at Tenneco, Inc., including in its group responsible for providing clean air and ride performance products and systems for auto original equipment markets. From 2003 to 2011, she served in various senior leadership roles at Johnson Controls International plc. While at Air Products, she implemented SAP ERP and cybersecurity, and at TriMark, she expanded and deployed enterprise risk management policies to provide oversight on financial, cybersecurity, and regulatory frameworks. SUSTAINABILITY expertise through her former service as an appointed member of the Hydrogen and Fuel Cell Technical Advisory Committee, which was established to advise the U.S. Secretary of Energy on the U.S. Department of Energy's hydrogen research, development, and demonstration efforts. While at Air Products, she also attracted business-to-business customers through innovation in sustainable products and programs, such as renewable fuels, hydrogen fueling, carbon sequestration, and with respect to renewables and carbon-emissions regulations, to achieve better outcomes for environmental sustainability. GOVERNANCE AND HUMAN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT expertise through her leadership experience noted above, and her current service on the board of Masco Corporation, a public global manufacturing company, where she formerly served on the compensation and talent management committee, and currently serves as chair of the corporate governance and nominating committee. She also serves on the Global Advisory Board of the Jerome A. Chazen Institute for Global Business at Columbia Business School. Other public company boards: Masco Corporation Prior public company boards (last five years): None Age : 54 Director Since : 2022 Committee : Nominating and Corporate Governance Independent KIMBERLY S. GREENE Featured experience, qualifications, and attributes : ENERGY BUSINESS LEADERSHIP experience as Board Chair, CEO, and President of Georgia Power Company (since March 31, 2023), and as Board Chair, CEO, and President of Southern Company Gas (from June 2018 to March 30, 2023). She served as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of the Southern Company from 2014 to May 2018. Prior to that, she was President and CEO of Southern Company Services, Inc. From 2007 to 2013, Ms. Greene served in executive roles with the Tennessee Valley Authority ( TVA ), including Chief Financial Officer, Chief Generation Officer, and Group President, Strategy and External Relations. SUSTAINABILITY, HSE, AND CYBERSECURITY/IT expertise through her various leadership and management roles in the natural gas and utilities sector noted above, including on issues related to safety, emerging technologies, innovation, and STEM-related education, her involvement with various renewables projects and technologies at Southern Company and its affiliates, and through her former service on the boards of the American Gas Association (an organization committed to reducing GHG emissions through innovation, infrastructure, and technologies) and the Gas Technology Institute (an organization focused on advancing decarbonization solutions). Ms. Greene also previously served as an Oil Natural Gas Liaison Co-Lead for the Electric Subsector Coordinating Council, which is the principal liaison between the U.S. federal government and the energy sector concerning national-level disasters or threats to critical infrastructure (including cybersecurity). FINANCE, RISK MANAGEMENT, COMPLIANCE, AND REGULATORY experience through her leadership roles at Southern Company and its affiliates and the TVA noted above. GOVERNANCE AND HUMAN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT experience through her leadership roles noted above, where she has been intimately involved in governance matters, succession planning, talent and leadership development, retention, compensation, and diversity and inclusion initiatives and strategies . She serves on the boards of the Atlanta Committee for Progress, Metro Atlanta Chamber of Commerce, Georgia Research Alliance, Nuclear Electric Insurance Limited, Children s Healthcare of Atlanta, Georgia Historical Society, and Woodruff Arts Center, and as a member of the Rotary Club of Atlanta. Other current or prior public company boards (last five years): None Age : 59 Director Since : 2016 Committees : Nominating and Corporate Governance (Chair); and Sustainability and Public Policy Independent 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 5 Table of Contents PROPOSAL NO. 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS DEBORAH P. MAJORAS Featured experience, qualifications, and attributes : GLOBAL BUSINESS LEADERSHIP AND SUSTAINABILITY experience as a board member of American Express Company ( AMEX ) (since July 2022), a public globally integrated payments company, and as a non-executive director of the Brunswick Group (since September 2023), a strategic advisory firm focused on critical issues and stakeholders at the center of business, politics, and society. From July 2022 to September 2022 (when she retired), she was President and Advisor to the CEO at The Procter Gamble Company ( P G ). She previously served as Chief Legal Officer and Secretary of P G (from 2010 to July 2022), and joined P G as Senior Vice President and General Counsel in 2008. While at P G she served on P G s Global Leadership Council and its ESG Executive Council, and co-created and co-ran P G s Citizenship program, which was the precursor to ESG at P G. GOVERNMENT, REGULATORY, ENERGY INDUSTRY, AND CYBERSECURITY/IT experience through her leadership roles and experience at P G noted above and in private practice, her experience as Chair of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission ( FTC ) from 2004 until 2008, and her service as Deputy Assistant Attorney General in the U.S. Department of Justice ( DOJ ), Antitrust Division, from 2001 to 2004. While Chair of the FTC, she gained experience in areas such as oil and gasoline markets, intellectual property, data security, and protecting consumers from cyber and IT risks, such as identity theft, spyware, and deceptive spam. While at the DOJ, she oversaw matters across a range of industries, including software, financial networks, media and entertainment, and industrial equipment. She joined the Jones Day law firm in 1991 and became a partner in 1999. HUMAN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT experience through her business leadership experience at P G noted above, where she oversaw a global legal group of over 500 people, served on P G s Equality Inclusion Council, and created and led P G s post-COVID-19 employee well-being program. She also managed over 1,000 employees while Chair of the FTC, supervised and managed hundreds of lawyers and other individuals during her service with the DOJ noted above, and previously served on the board of the Leadership Council on Legal Diversity. GOVERNANCE AND RISK MANAGEMENT experience through her leadership roles noted above, including her current role as a non-executive director of the Brunswick Group, her current board and committee service at AMEX, where she serves on the nominating, governance and public responsibility committee and the risk committee, and her current service on the boards of the Ladies Professional Golf Association, the First Tee Foundation, the University of Virginia Law School Foundation, and Westminster College. Other public company boards (current): AMEX Prior public company boards (last five years): None Age : 62 Director Since : 2012 Committees : Sustainability and Public Policy (Chair); and Nominating and Corporate Governance Independent ERIC D. MULLINS Featured experience, qualifications, and attributes : ENERGY BUSINESS LEADERSHIP experience as Chairman and CEO of Lime Rock Resources, a company that he co-founded in 2005, which acquires, operates, and improves lower-risk oil and natural gas properties. Mr. Mullins oversees all strategic, financial, and operational aspects of the Lime Rock Resources funds. From May 2011 through October 2015, he also served as the Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors of LRE GP, LLC, the general partner of LRR Energy, L.P., an oil and natural gas company. FINANCE AND ACCOUNTING expertise as a former Managing Director in the Investment Banking Division of Goldman Sachs, where he led numerous financing, structuring, and strategic advisory transactions in the division s Natural Resources Group. He also served as chair of the audit committee of Anadarko and on the audit committees of PG E Corporation ( PG E ) and ConocoPhillips. SUSTAINABILITY, HSE, AND RISK MANAGEMENT experience through his role as Chairman and CEO of Lime Rock Resources, where he has responsibility for the company s ESG efforts, with focus areas including reducing GHG emissions related to the company s day-to-day operations, eliminating natural gas flaring and methane leaks, plugging and abandoning of non-producing wells, and reducing spills in and around operating sites. He also has experience through his leadership roles discussed above, his former service as chair of the public policy and sustainability committee of ConocoPhillips, and his former service on the safety and nuclear oversight committee of PG E. GOVERNANCE expertise through his leadership experience noted above, his former service on other public company boards, and his current service on the board of trustees of the Baylor College of Medicine and the Wheeler Avenue Baptist Church, and on the board of directors of the Greater Houston Partnership. Other public company boards (current): None Prior public company boards (last five years): ConocoPhillips Age : 63 Director Since : 2020 Committees : Audit; and Human Resources and Compensation Independent 6 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Table of Contents PROPOSAL NO. 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS ROBERT L. REYMOND Featured experience, qualifications, and attributes : GLOBAL ENERGY BUSINESS LEADERSHIP experience through his more than 25-year career at Burns McDonnell, Inc. ( Burns McDonnell ), a privately held full-service engineering, architecture, construction, environmental, and consulting solutions firm with global operations. He served as Chief Operating Officer of the Energy Group of Burns McDonnell (from January 2024 until his retirement at the end of 2024), and prior to that he served as President, Oil, Gas Chemical (from 2015 until January 2024) and held several other leadership roles where he led some of the firm s largest and most complex energy projects. He also previously served on the boards of Burns McDonnell (from January 2018 until the end of 2024) and Houston Wire and Cable Company, a former publicly traded provider of industrial products targeting markets such as utilities, infrastructure, and oil and gas. REFINING AND MARKETING, HSE, REGULATORY, AND RISK MANAGEMENT experience through his leadership roles at Burns McDonnell noted above, where he oversaw the firm s oil, gas, and chemicals businesses for nearly a decade and gained extensive experience in managing complex engineering and construction projects across multiple segments of the energy industry, including refining, low-carbon fuels, midstream and logistics, chemicals, and power. SUSTAINABILITY experience from his oversight of Burns McDonnell s oil, gas, and chemicals businesses noted above, which also provided services for renewable diesel and low-carbon fuels projects, and areas such as carbon capture and sequestration, advanced recycling, hydrogen and ammonia, and wastewater. Mr. Reymond also founded Burns McDonnell s nuclear business and was previously an officer in the U.S. Navy s nuclear power program. GOVERNANCE AND HUMAN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT experience from his leadership experience discussed above, his previous service on the board of Houston Wire and Cable Company, including as a member of its audit committee and strategy and operations committee, and his current service as Chairman of the Veterans Community Project. Other current or prior public company boards (last five years): None Age : 60 Director Since : 2025 Committee : Nominating and Corporate Governance Independent R. LANE RIGGS Featured experience, qualifications, and attributes : GLOBAL ENERGY BUSINESS LEADERSHIP AND GOVERNANCE experience through his service as Valero s Chairman (since the close of business on December 31, 2024), CEO and President and a member of the Board (since the close of business on June 30, 2023), President and Chief Operating Officer (from January 23, 2020 through June 30, 2023), where his responsibilities included refining, logistics, and low-carbon fuels operations, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, his extensive experience in global commodity markets while leading Valero s supply optimization and crude and feedstock supply groups, and the other roles he has held with Valero noted below. He also previously served on the board of the general partner of Valero Energy Partners LP, a former public midstream and logistics focused master limited partnership, and on the board of Valero s renewable diesel joint venture. As a key member of Valero s management team, Mr. Riggs has long played a vital role in developing and implementing the strategies that Valero has steadfastly executed for over a decade, which have been pivotal to Valero s ability to provide peer-leading performance and stockholder returns. REFINING AND MARKETING, HSE, REGULATORY, AND RISK MANAGEMENT experience through his decades of service at Valero, where he began his career as a Process Engineer at Valero s McKee refinery, and subsequently held numerous leadership positions overseeing refining operations, supply optimization and crude and feedstock supply, and planning and economics, before becoming Valero s CEO and President. Additionally, under Mr. Riggs leadership as Chief Operating Officer noted above, Valero s refining operations dramatically improved in safety, reliability, cost management, and environmental measures. HUMAN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT AND SUSTAINABILITY experience through his various leadership roles at Valero and its renewable diesel joint venture noted above. As Valero s President and Chief Operating Officer, his responsibilities included low-carbon fuels operations and the oversight of our renewable diesel expansion project in St. Charles, Louisiana, and the construction of our renewable diesel plant in Port Arthur, Texas. He has also been intimately involved in the strategic planning and capital decisions involving Valero s low-carbon fuels businesses. Other current or prior public company boards (last five years): None Age : 60 Director Since : 2023 Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 7 Table of Contents PROPOSAL NO. 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS RANDALL J. WEISENBURGER Featured experience, qualifications, and attributes : GLOBAL BUSINESS LEADERSHIP, FINANCE, AND ACCOUNTING expertise as the managing member of Mile 26 Capital, LLC, an investment fund based in Greenwich, Connecticut (since 2014), and his service from 1998 through 2014 as Executive Vice President and CFO of Omnicom Group Inc. ( Omnicom ), a public global media, marketing, and communications company. Prior to joining Omnicom, he was a founding member of Wasserstein Perella and a former member of First Boston Corporation. At Wasserstein Perella, he specialized in private equity investing and leveraged acquisitions, and in 1993, he became President and CEO of the firm s private equity subsidiary. He also held various roles within Wasserstein Perella s portfolio companies including, among others, Vice Chairman of Maybelline Inc. and Chairman of American Law Media. SUSTAINABILITY, HSE, AND CYBERSECURITY/IT experience through his current service and leadership positions on the board of MP Materials Corp. ( MP Materials ), a public company that produces specialty materials that are vital inputs for electrification and other advanced technologies, and states that it currently owns and operates the only rare earth mining and processing site of scale in North America. He currently serves as chair of MP Materials audit committee (which oversees ESG and cybersecurity), chair of Corsair Gaming, Inc. s ( Corsair Gaming ) audit committee (which oversees cybersecurity), and as a member of the health, environmental, safety security committee of Carnival Corporation and Carnival plc ( Carnival ) (which oversees sustainability). Additionally, during his service as CFO of Omnicom noted above, he helped oversee the company s efforts in the areas of corporate ethics, enterprise risk management, and global corporate social responsibility. HUMAN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT AND COMPENSATION experience through his role as CFO of Omnicom noted above, where he led efforts to continually develop the skills of the company s finance and operating personnel, and implemented programs for their continuing professional development. He also currently serves as a member of MP Materials compensation committee, and as chair of the compensation committee of Carnival. Other public company boards (current): Carnival, Corsair Gaming, and MP Materials Prior public company boards (last five years): None Age: 67 Director Since: 2011 Committee : Human Resources and Compensation Independent RAYFORD WILKINS, JR. Featured experience, qualifications, and attributes : GLOBAL BUSINESS LEADERSHIP, CYBERSECURITY/IT, AND RISK MANAGEMENT expertise as CEO of Diversified Businesses of AT T Inc., where he was responsible for international investments, AT T Interactive, AT T Advertising Solutions, customer information services, and the consumer wireless initiative in India. He retired from AT T at the end of March 2012. Mr. Wilkins held several other leadership positions at AT T and its predecessor companies, including Group President and CEO of SBC Enterprise Business Services and President and CEO of SBC Pacific Bell. In these roles with AT T and its predecessor companies, his responsibilities also included oversight of sales, customer care, data solutions engineering, consulting and operations of the company s advanced data and intellectual property networks, network services and integration, and information services. HUMAN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, COMPENSATION, AND SUSTAINABILITY expertise through his service as the chair of Valero s Human Resources and Compensation Committee, during which time he has been integral to Valero s progress in linking pay with HSE and sustainability performance. Mr. Wilkins also currently serves as chair of the compensation and human resources committee of Caterpillar Inc. ( Caterpillar ), and as a member of the compensation, management development and succession committee of Morgan Stanley, and chair of its governance and sustainability committee. Additionally, he currently serves on the Institute for Inclusion Advisory Board at Morgan Stanley. GOVERNANCE expertise through his business leadership experience noted above, his current board service noted above, and his service as a lifetime member of the Advisory Council of the McCombs School of Business at the University of Texas at Austin. Other public company boards (current): Caterpillar and Morgan Stanley Prior public company boards (in last five years): None Age: 74 Director Since: 2011 Committees : Human Resources and Compensation (Chair); and Sustainability and Public Policy Independent For information regarding the nominees independence, Common Stock holdings, compensation, and other arrangements, as applicable, see Compensation Discussion and Analysis, Director Compensation, and Additional Information Board Independence, Related Party Matters, and Beneficial Ownership below. 8 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Table of Contents HOW OUR BOARD IS STRUCTURED, GOVERNED, AND OPERATES Our Directors Demonstrated Commitment in 2025 2025 BOARD, COMMITTEE, AND ANNUAL MEETING ATTENDANCE Annual Meeting . All Board members are expected to attend the Annual Meeting. All directors then serving on the Board attended Valero s 2025 annual meeting of stockholders. Board and Committee Meetings . In 2025, the Board held seven meetings and its committees held 18 total meetings. No director attended less than 75 percent of the meetings of the Board and committees of which he or she was then serving as a member. In 2025, we had more than 97 percent aggregate average attendance at Board meetings and more than 98 percent aggregate average attendance at Board and committee meetings in total. 2025 ACCOMPLISHMENTS AND HIGHLIGHTS In 2025, some of the key accomplishments and highlights that the Board s oversight helped enable included: 1 Financial earned net income attributable to Valero stockholders of $7.57 per share, assuming dilution, and the third highest adjusted earnings per share ( EPS ) in company history; returned $4.0 billion in cash to stockholders; increased Valero s dividend to $1.13 per share in January 2025 (and again to $1.20 per share in January 2026); Operational achieved Valero s highest-ever refinery mechanical availability, refining throughput, and ethanol production; achieved Valero s best-ever refinery total recordable incident rate ( TRIR ) for employees and employees and contractors on a combined basis and second best-ever Tier 1 API Process Safety performance in the refining segment; achieved Valero s best-ever company-wide environmental performance and second best-ever refinery environmental performance, as measured through our Environmental Scorecard Incidents metric (on a weighted basis); Other offered all employees in good standing at Valero s Benicia refinery continued employment within Valero, many of whom accepted, demonstrating our commitment to our employees and strong company culture ; and successfully transitioned the Chairman role to Mr. Riggs (as of the close of business on December 31, 2024), Lead Director role to Ms. Eberhart (on February 26, 2025), and Chief Financial Officer role to Homer S. Bhullar (as of January 1, 2026). Overview of Our Board Committees Our Board has four committees: (1) Audit Committee; (2) Human Resources and Compensation Committee; (3) Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee; and (4) Sustainability and Public Policy Committee. The committees respective charters are available on our website at: www.valero.com u Investors u Governance Engagement Committee Structure/Composition Highlights Independence . Each member of our Board committees is independent under applicable regulations/standards. Oversight of Key Areas . The duties and responsibilities of our committees collectively assist the Board with oversight over key areas, such as Valero s comprehensive liquid fuels strategy and matters related to HSE, public policy, sustainability, governance, compliance, financial reporting, cybersecurity/IT, Board effectiveness, succession planning, and human capital management. 1 TRIR is defined as the number of recordable injuries per 200,000 working hours. Adjusted EPS is not defined under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ). See Compensation Discussion and Analysis Elements of Executive Compensation Annual Incentive Bonus below for more information on this metric (including a reconciliation to 2025 EPS attributable to Valero stockholders, assuming dilution), as well as the other financial and operational items noted in these bullets. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 9 Table of Contents HOW OUR BOARD IS STRUCTURED, GOVERNED, AND OPERATES AUDIT COMMITTEE Current Audit Committee Members : H. Paulett Eberhart (Chair) Fred M. Diaz Eric D. Mullins 2025 Meetings . The Audit Committee met five times in 2025. Key Functions and Responsibilities . The committee s key functions and areas of oversight and responsibility include: (i) financial statement integrity and legal/regulatory compliance with a focus on potential impacts to our financial statements and accounting policies; (ii) financial risk management and exposure; (iii) compliance, ethics, and corporate misconduct; (iv) Valero s independent auditor; (v) Valero s internal audit function; and (vi) cybersecurity and IT risks, which are further described in the committee s charter. We make additional disclosures about the Audit Committee under Overview of Our Risk Management and Oversight Structure above, in connection with Proposal No. 3 Ratify appointment of KPMG LLP as independent auditor below, under Additional Details on Our Risk Management and Oversight Structure below in this section, and under Additional Information Board Independence, Related Party Matters, and Beneficial Ownership below. Audit Committee Financial Experts . The Board has determined that each member of the committee is an audit committee financial expert (as defined by the SEC). For more information on the skills, experience, and other attributes of the Audit Committee members see Proposal No. 1 Election of directors above. 2025 Accomplishments and Highlights . In 2025, some of the key accomplishments and highlights of the committee s activities throughout the year or that its oversight helped enable included the following: oversaw Valero s SAP financial systems upgrade, which was successfully completed on time and on budget; continued its oversight of Valero s cybersecurity and IT practices and risks, including again receiving and discussing an annual cybersecurity/IT update report, and periodically reviewing and discussing the use of data, technology, and artificial intelligence ( AI ) by Valero and its independent auditor; reviewed and discussed critical accounting and financial reporting matters related to Valero s Benicia refinery; continued an enhanced annual process to formally evaluate the performance of Valero s independent auditor and held an executive session with Valero s independent auditor at every committee meeting; reviewed and discussed the impacts of various regulatory and other developments on Valero s financial statements and public disclosures; continued an enhanced process for reviewing Valero s earnings release information prior to issuance; promoted Valero s efforts with respect to accurate and timely financial statement reporting, including through periodic reports and discussions regarding Valero s controls and procedures framework, Sarbanes-Oxley compliance, financial reporting, internal audit, and financial statement integrity initiatives; oversaw the execution of Valero s 2025 internal audit plan, with services covering matters related to Valero s low-carbon fuels, data privacy, cybersecurity efforts, and trading and commercial risk, among others; continued focus placed on enterprise risk management, including by reviewing and discussing Valero s (i) insurance and risk management framework; (ii) implementation and completion of an internal threat assessment of hundreds of individuals with access to critical infrastructure; (iii) increased drone surveillance and mitigation efforts over refinery airspace; and (iv) continued enhancement and progression of its third-party due diligence program; and received quarterly updates on Valero s ethics helpline activity, referable compliance issues, company policy updates, and other compliance initiatives and efforts. 10 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Table of Contents HOW OUR BOARD IS STRUCTURED, GOVERNED, AND OPERATES HUMAN RESOURCES AND COMPENSATION COMMITTEE Current Human Resources and Compensation Committee Members : Rayford Wilkins, Jr. (Chair) Eric D. Mullins Randall J. Weisenburger 2025 Committee Member Changes . In February 2025, Mr. Mullins also became a member of the committee. Robert A. Profusek previously served on the committee in 2025 until his retirement from the Board effective at the 2025 annual meeting of stockholders. 2025 Meetings . The Human Resources and Compensation Committee met four times in 2025. Key Functions and Responsibilities . The committee s key functions and areas of oversight and responsibility include: (i) Valero s compensation programs, policies, and strategies; (ii) succession planning for Valero s CEO and other senior executives; (iii) talent management and compensation-related risks; (iv) human capital management and leadership development; and (v) stock ownership and retention, which are further described in the committee s charter. We make additional disclosures about the committee under Overview of Our Risk Management and Oversight Structure above, under Additional Details on Our Risk Management and Oversight Structure and How Our Board is Involved in CEO and Senior Executive Succession Planning below in this section, and under Risk Assessment of Compensation Programs and Compensation Discussion and Analysis below. Human Resources and Compensation Committee Report . The Human Resources and Compensation Committee Report for fiscal year 2025 appears in this proxy statement immediately following Compensation Discussion and Analysis below. Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation . There are no compensation committee interlocks. None of the members of the Human Resources and Compensation Committee has served as an officer or employee of Valero, or had any relationship requiring disclosure by Valero under Item 404 of SEC Regulation S-K (regarding related-party transactions). Limited Delegation of Authority . For administrative convenience, our bylaws authorize the Human Resources and Compensation Committee to delegate authority to our CEO or other executive officer to make certain non-material amendments to Valero s benefit plans. As permitted by our bylaws, the Human Resources and Compensation Committee has also delegated authority to our CEO to make limited grants of equity awards to key employees who are not executive officers. 2025 Accomplishments and Highlights . In 2025, some of the key accomplishments and highlights of the committee s activities throughout the year or that its oversight helped enable included the following: 2 Valero received more than 75 percent say-on-pay approval (74.78 percent including abstentions) on its 2024 executive compensation, despite the negative recommendation of one of the leading U.S. proxy advisory firms; actively engaged with stockholders and proxy advisory firms on committee-relevant matters; all committee members received more than 93 percent approval for their re-election to the Board in 2025, despite Valero receiving lower than typical say-on-pay approval, as noted above; helped lead a formal review and discussion with the full Board on Valero s comprehensive succession planning for key positions and critical talent across the company, and oversaw various compensation matters related to several officer retirements and transitions; and continued focused placed on aligning pay for performance within Valero s executive compensation program, including by reviewing and discussing the advisability and rigor of various compensation metrics, and responding as appropriate. 2 See Compensation Discussion and Analysis below, including Executive Compensation in Summary 2025 Say-on-Pay Engagement Efforts and Response under such section, for more information on many of the items noted in these bullets. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 11 Table of Contents HOW OUR BOARD IS STRUCTURED, GOVERNED, AND OPERATES NOMINATING AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE Current Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Members : Kimberly S. Greene (Chair) Marie A. Ffolkes Deborah P. Majoras Robert L. Reymond 2025 Committee Member Changes . Mr. Reymond became a member of the committee i n September 2025 in connection with his election to the Board. 2025 Meetings . The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee met four times in 2025. Key Functions and Responsibilities . The committee s key functions and areas of oversight and responsibility include: (i) Board skills and director refreshment; (ii) Valero s corporate governance principles; (iii) Valero s annual Board/committee evaluation; (iv) new director orientation and director continuing education; and (v) related-party transactions, which are further described in the committee s charter. We make additional disclosures about the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee under Overview of our Risk Management and Oversight Structure above, under Additional Information Board Independence, Related Party Matters, and Beneficial Ownership below, and throughout this How Our Board is Structured, Governed, and Operates section. Committee s Recommendations Regarding our Board . The committee recommended to the Board the persons listed in this proxy statement in Proposal No. 1 as nominees for election as directors at the Annual Meeting and recommended assignments for the Board s committees, including committee chairs. The Board approved such recommendations, including the slate of director nominees to stand for election at the Annual Meeting. The committee also considered and recommended the election of Valero s Chairman of the Board and its Lead Director, each of which was approved by the Board s independent directors. See Our Board s Leadership Structure and Strong Independent Oversight below in this section for additional information. 2025 Accomplishments and Highlights . In 2025, some of the key accomplishments and highlights of the committee s activities throughout the year or that its oversight helped enable included the following: oversaw and helped guide an evaluation of Valero s Board leadership structure and related transitional changes, including the election by the Board s independent directors (following the committee s recommendation) of Ms. Eberhart as Lead Director, succeeding Mr. Profusek, who retired from the Board effective at the 2025 annual meeting of stockholders; added to the depth of the Board s refining and energy industry experience through the election of Mr. Reymond in September 2025, and helped lead a thorough evaluation process whereby each member of the Board met with Mr. Reymond either in person or by video/teleconference prior to his election; facilitated an enhanced focus on Valero s Board succession planning processes, considerations, and evaluations; promoted the continued importance of maintaining robust director independence evaluation processes and practices; continued to assess each director s commitments and capacities, both on an annual basis and periodically throughout the year in connection with potential changes in director obligations; continued focus placed on maintaining a comprehensive and effective Board and committee evaluation process, which included several enhancements in 2025 with input from the committee s chair; formally evaluated and discussed Valero s new director orientation program and provided several recommendations for enhancement that were implemented beginning with Mr. Reymond s orientation in October 2025; and oversaw Valero s corporate governance principles, practices, and policies, as well as the committee s activities and oversight throughout the year in relation to the committee s responsibilities under its committee charter and Valero s Corporate Governance Guidelines and other applicable governance documents. 12 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Table of Contents HOW OUR BOARD IS STRUCTURED, GOVERNED, AND OPERATES SUSTAINABILITY AND PUBLIC POLICY COMMITTEE Current Sustainability and Public Policy Committee Members : Deborah P. Majoras (Chair) H. Paulett Eberhart Kimberly S. Greene Rayford Wilkins, Jr. 2025 Committee Member Changes . In February 2025, Ms. Eberhart was elected by the Board s independent directors to serve as Lead Director, succeeding Mr. Profusek, who previously served in such role and as a member of the committee in 2025 until such date. Since such time, the committee has consisted of four members instead of five (Ms. Eberhart was already a member of the committee at such time given her role as chair of the Audit Committee, which she also retained). See Our Board s Leadership Structure and Strong Independent Oversight Recent Transition of Our Independent Lead Director below in this section for additional information. 2025 Meetings and Attendance . The Sustainability and Public Policy Committee met five times in 2025. All directors are encouraged, but not required, to attend meetings of the committee. Key Functions and Responsibilities . The committee s key functions and areas of oversight and responsibility are codified in its committee charter and specifically encompass: (i) HSE matters; (ii) sustainability and climate-related risks and opportunities; (iii) corporate responsibility and reputation management; (iv) social, community, and public policy strategies and initiatives; (v) political issues, including political contributions and lobbying activities; and (vi) compliance with legal and regulatory requirements for the operations of the company, which are further described in such charter. We also make additional disclosures about the committee under Overview of Our Risk Management and Oversight Structure above and under Additional Details on Our Risk Management and Oversight Structure below in this section. 2025 Accomplishments and Highlights . In 2025, some of the key accomplishments and highlights of the committee s activities throughout the year or that its oversight helped enable included the following: 3 assessed the impact of recent U.S. tariffs and foreign duties on Valero s business, and oversaw Valero s efforts with respect thereto; helped guide Valero s efforts on a variety of HSE, public policy, sustainability, and climate-related matters, including with respect to low-carbon fuels, GHG emissions, human rights, and related regulatory developments, and again received annual reports on, and discussed, Valero s HSE efforts and political activities; reviewed and discussed Valero s 2025 Report on Guiding Principles, which included new or enhanced disclosures in a number of areas within the committee s area of oversight; evaluated the implications of emerging sustainability-related disclosure regulations and frameworks, proxy advisory firm and scoring agency developments, and customer requests for certain written declarations and representations, and oversaw Valero s efforts with respect thereto; fostered a continued focus on providing transparent, accurate, and reliable GHG emissions disclosures, including Valero s efforts in continuing to (i) obtain independent third-party limited assurance; (ii) provide robust disclosures on its calculation methodologies; and (iii) maintain appropriate reviews and evaluations; helped guide Valero s proactive engagements on committee-relevant matters, several of which included committee member participation; and oversaw Valero s corporate responsibility and reputation management efforts. 3 See Additional Highlights Low-Carbon Fuels, Cybersecurity/IT, and Compliance below, including the footnotes and cross-references therein, for more information on many of the items noted in these bullets. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 13 Table of Contents HOW OUR BOARD IS STRUCTURED, GOVERNED, AND OPERATES How We Maintain an Effective Board and Strong Director Performance ANNUAL BOARD AND COMMITTEE EVALUATION PROCESS Our Corporate Governance Guidelines require the Board and its committees to conduct an annual performance evaluation, and this requirement is also set forth as required in our Board committee charters. Board and committee performance evaluations play an important role in ensuring effective functioning and oversight of our Board and its committees. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee oversees this evaluation process, which is summarized below, and reports to the Board on its assessment of the performance of the Board, its committees, and directors (as appropriate). MULTI-STEP AND CONTINUAL EVALUATION PROCESS Annual Surveys Summary Reports Executive Session Review Ongoing Feedback Detailed surveys tailored for the Board and each committee are reviewed and updated annually, in consultation with the chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, as necessary, prior to distribution at the end of each year. Summary reports of the evaluation results are compiled and provided to each director, with results shown on a confidential basis to encourage candid feedback. These summary reports are discussed at Board and/or committee meetings in executive session, led by the chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, the Lead Director, and/or the Chairman, who ensure that the Board or management, as appropriate, follow up on any identified matters. The chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, the Lead Director, and/or the Chairman will meet from time to time with directors individually in order to obtain feedback on the performance of the Board, a committee, or another director. Evaluation and Feedback Topics Effectiveness of Evaluation Process The topics covered in this process include, among others: Board and committee roles, effectiveness, and structure; corporate strategy and risk management oversight; Board and committee composition, size, and leadership, and committee rotation; the frequency, length, and content of Board and committee meetings, including topics covered; the quality of meeting materials and management s presentations at Board and committee meetings; the adequacy of Valero s governance principles, practices, and policies; and the performance of the Board, its committees, and directors relative to their respective duties and responsibilities. The Board has concluded that these evaluation tools and process provide effective measures and forums for discussing the effectiveness of the Board, its committees, and our directors, as well as potential areas for enhancement. DIRECTOR ROTATION, REFRESHMENT, AND RETIREMENT Annual Board and Committee Determinations . Our committee members, committee chairs, Chairman, and Lead Director (when the Chairman is not independent) are elected annually by the Board (or its independent directors, as appropriate), and this annual process helps facilitate ongoing consideration and evaluation of our Board and committee leadership structure and composition. Director Tenure and Refreshment . We do not set term limits for our directors. As stated in our Corporate Governance Guidelines , the Board has determined that directors who have served on the Board for an extended period of time are able to provide valuable insight into the operations and future of Valero based on their experience with and understanding of Valero s history, policies, and objectives. As an alternative to term limits, the Board has concluded that its evaluation, nomination, election, and refreshment processes appropriately support the continued effectiveness of the Board, its committees, and each of our directors. Retirement Policy . Our directors are subject to a retirement policy (set forth in our Corporate Governance Guidelines ), under which a director who turns 75 may serve the remainder of his or her term, but may not stand for re-election at the next annual meeting. 14 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Table of Contents HOW OUR BOARD IS STRUCTURED, GOVERNED, AND OPERATES Recent Refreshment and Rotation . The tables below demonstrate our meaningful Board and committee refreshment and rotation over the past six years. New Independent Directors Since 2020 Eric D. Mullins (2020) Fred M. Diaz (2021) Marie A. Ffolkes (2022) Robert L. Reymond (2025) Board and Committee Refreshment and Rotation Since 2022 Committee Chairs Committee Members Chairman/Lead Director 50 percent of our current Board committee chairs are new to such roles 66.67 percent of the current members of the Audit Committee and the Human Resources and Compensation Committee are new to such committees 50 percent of the current members of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee are new to such committee Our Chairman and Lead Director roles were transitioned (each within the last two years) DIRECTOR OVERBOARDING POLICY Overboarding Policy . It is critical that each of our directors is able to devote sufficient time and effort to their duties as a director. As a result, we have an overboarding policy included in our Corporate Governance Guidelines that sets forth certain numerical guidelines and notification/review procedures with respect to our directors commitments and capacities, which are periodically (but at a minimum annually) assessed for compliance and appropriateness. Numerical Guidelines . All of our directors currently meet the following guidelines under our overboarding policy: non-employee directors should not serve on more than four public company boards (including Valero s Board); a director who is the CEO or other executive officer of a public company should not serve on more than two public company boards (including Valero s Board); and members of Valero s Audit Committee should not serve on more than three public company audit committees (including Valero s Audit Committee). Periodic/Annual Assessment of Director Commitments and Capacities . The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee periodically (but at a minimum annually) assesses the ability of our directors to fulfill their ongoing responsibilities to Valero, taking into consideration applicable information, including the relevant director s principal occupation and duties, public board service and leadership positions (such as chairman, lead director, and committee chair), service on private company and non-profit boards, other time commitments, leadership positions, and roles, input from other directors, and information provided by the relevant director. Each of our directors is currently in compliance with our overboarding policy and the Board has concluded that their continued service on the Board is appropriate thereunder. This overboarding assessment occurs periodically for each director, but at a minimum annually. Notification/Review of Potential Changes . Under our overboarding policy, a director who is considering certain changes to their principal occupation or public company board/committee service that could materially increase his or her responsibilities should consider, and provide the Board the opportunity to consider, whether such director will be able to continue to devote sufficient time to the affairs of the Board, remain independent, have an interlocking directorship, have a potential conflict under applicable laws or regulations, or have a potential conflict with Valero s interests. Directors should also provide notice as soon as practicable after becoming aware of any situations or transactions that could impair the director s independence, create inter-locking directorships, create a potential conflict under applicable laws or regulations, or would otherwise potentially conflict with Valero s interests. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 15 Table of Contents HOW OUR BOARD IS STRUCTURED, GOVERNED, AND OPERATES NEW DIRECTOR ORIENTATION AND ONBOARDING Valero s Corporate Governance Guidelines state that all new directors must participate in an orientation program as soon as reasonably practicable after joining the Board. We typically hold a full day of new director orientation in person at our headquarters in San Antonio, and Valero s senior management team typically presents on topics such as (i) corporate governance and Board practices and function; (ii) compliance, HSE, internal and external audits, risk management, and key corporate policies; (iii) investor relations and financial items; (iv) an overview and history of Valero; (v) Valero s refining and low-carbon fuels operations and businesses; (vi) sustainability-related matters; and (vii) Valero s human capital management efforts. Holding new director orientation at our headquarters allows for new directors to interact with employees and experience our culture first hand. In 2025, our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee formally evaluated and discussed our new director orientation program and determined that it is an effective and efficient onboarding tool and process. However, the committee provided several recommendations for further enhancement of the program that were implemented beginning with Mr. Reymond s orientation in October 2025. This determination is supported by the positive feedback provided by newly onboarded directors in recent years. The effectiveness of the program is also reassessed annually through the Board and committee evaluation process discussed above. DIRECTOR CONTINUING EDUCATION We encourage our directors to attend education programs as appropriate to stay abreast of developments in governance, key areas of oversight, and board best practices. Under our Corporate Governance Guidelines , we will pay for a director s participation in certain continuing education programs pertinent to his or her Board responsibilities, including a director s membership in an organization such as the National Association of Corporate Directors, in order to provide ongoing access to information and resources that foster board development and oversight. Director continuing education is also provided as follows:* Board/Committee Presentations . During Board and committee meetings, Valero s senior management, SMEs, and independent auditor, and the independent compensation consultant often present on areas of new or emerging importance. Committee Reports . At Board meetings, committee chairs report on key developments covered at committee meetings. Site Visits . Directors make periodic site visits to Valero s facilities, and we paired the Board s meeting in September 2025 with a visit to our McKee refinery in Sunray, Texas. Guest Speakers . External guest speakers typically present at our Board s annual three-day strategic planning meeting, and in recent years this has included presentations from third-party experts on topics such as the future of energy, low-carbon projects and innovation, sustainability, liquid fuels, global geopolitics, and public policy. Periodic Updates . We keep the Board apprised of updates and key information through regular communication, which in addition to periodic telephonic and electronic communications, typically includes (i) a weekly written update report prepared by our investor relations team that features key market and peer data, analyst commentary, and industry updates; and (ii) a monthly written report from our CEO on performance updates and other developments between Board meetings. * See also Additional Details on Our Risk Management and Oversight Structure below in this section. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee periodically discusses Valero s director continuing education in the context of the knowledge, skills, and experience represented and/or needed on the Board. Our Board s Leadership Structure and Strong Independent Oversight RECENT TRANSITION OF OUR CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD Recent Chairman Transition . As part of a robust succession development plan that had been in place, the Board s independent directors (upon recommendation from the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee) elected Mr. Riggs to the additional position of Chairman effective as of the close of business on December 31, 2024, succeeding our former Executive Chairman (Joseph W. Gorder) who retired from such role and as a director effective as of such date. The Board has determined and continues to believe that Mr. Riggs qualifications and proven leadership make him well suited to serve as Chairman and that his service as both CEO and Chairman helps drive and enhance Valero s performance and the Board s effectiveness. See Proposal No. 1 Election of directors above for more information on Mr. Riggs skills, experience, and other attributes. Effectiveness of Combined CEO and Chairman Roles . Valero has a proven track record of nearly a decade of financial and operational success under a combined CEO and Chairman leadership structure. This has continued under Mr. Riggs tenure as CEO and Chairman, as reflected by Valero s strong financial and operational performance in 2025. 16 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Table of Contents HOW OUR BOARD IS STRUCTURED, GOVERNED, AND OPERATES THE ROLE OF OUR CEO AND CHAIRMAN In his role as CEO, Mr. Riggs is appointed by the Board to manage Valero s daily affairs and operations, and will preside at all meetings of stockholders. In his role as Chairman, Mr. Riggs is appointed by the Board to: lead the Board in productive, strategic planning and preside at all Board meetings; determine necessary or appropriate agenda items for meetings of the Board, with input from the Lead Director; and determine and manage the amount of time and information devoted to discussion of meeting agenda items. OUR BOARD S STRONG COUNTERBALANCE OF INDEPENDENT LEADERSHIP AND OVERSIGHT Independent Lead Director . To counterbalance our combined CEO and Chairman roles, the Board has a strong independent Lead Director, whose duties are detailed under The Role of Our Independent Lead Director below. While our governance documents do not require the CEO and Chairman roles be split or combined, when the Chairman is not independent under our Corporate Governance Guidelines (e.g., because they are a Valero employee), such guidelines require the independent directors to annually select an independent Lead Director. See also Recent Transition of Our Independent Lead Director below. Empowered Independent Directors and Committee Chairs . To further counterbalance the combined CEO and Chairman roles, each of the Board s committees is fully independent and is chaired by an independent director with significant power and responsibilities. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines also explicitly grant each member of the Board (i) the ability to suggest the inclusion of items on meeting agendas; (ii) the right to raise at any Board meeting subjects that are not on the meeting agenda; and (iii) free access to management and employees, including in executive session. The Board has determined that this approach provides a strong and appropriate counterbalance of independent leadership and oversight on the Board that appropriately and effectively complements our current structure of combined CEO and Chairman roles. RECENT TRANSITION OF OUR INDEPENDENT LEAD DIRECTOR Recent Lead Director Transition . Following the successful transition of Mr. Riggs to the additional position of Chairman, on February 26, 2025, the Board s independent directors (upon recommendation from the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee) elected Ms. Eberhart as Lead Director, succeeding Mr. Profusek, who served in such role in 2025 until such date. Ms. Eberhart s Qualifications and Proven Leadership . The Board has determined and continues to believe that Ms. Eberhart s additional service as our Lead Director is appropriate and supports the Board s continued effectiveness and strong counterbalance of independent leadership and oversight. See Proposal No. 1 Election of directors above for more information on Ms. Eberhart s skills, experience, and other attributes. THE ROLE OF OUR INDEPENDENT LEAD DIRECTOR The independent Lead Director s duties and responsibilities are codified in our Corporate Governance Guidelines and include: serving as a liaison between the Chairman and the non-management directors; consulting with the Chairman on Board meeting agendas and authority to call meetings of the non-management directors; reviewing and approving information sent to the Board as and when appropriate; setting agendas and leading the discussion of regular executive session meetings of the Board outside the presence of management and providing feedback regarding these meetings to the Chairman; and receiving, reviewing, and acting upon communications from stockholders or other interested parties when those interests should be addressed by a person independent of management. The Lead Director periodically communicates with our Chairman and other directors (as appropriate) between meetings and provides input on a variety matters, and has also participated in stockholder and stakeholder engagement with senior management. ONGOING EVALUATION AND CONSIDERATION BY THE BOARD The Board expects to continue periodically evaluating the appropriateness of its leadership structure, including as part of the annual Board and committee evaluation process and election of our Chairman and Lead Director (if applicable), and that any changes would be promptly communicated to stockholders as required. While the Board has determined that combining the CEO and Chairman roles is appropriate under current circumstances, our governance documents do not establish this approach as a policy, and such roles were split during Mr. Gorder s service as Executive Chairman (from the close of business on June 30, 2023 to the close of business on December 31, 2024), and Valero has also had an independent Chairman at times in the past. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 17 Table of Contents HOW OUR BOARD IS STRUCTURED, GOVERNED, AND OPERATES Such determination is made in light of the facts and circumstances applicable at such time, including the Board s composition and risk management and oversight structure, officer and director retirements or transition periods, the risks and opportunities facing Valero, and the best interests of Valero and its stockholders as determined by the business judgment of the Board. Such determination may also take into consideration stockholder and stakeholder feedback. The Board s leadership, risk management, and oversight structure, including how the Board administers its risk oversight function, and the effects of this administration on the Board s leadership structure are discussed further under Overview of Our Risk Management and Oversight Structure above, and under Additional Details on Our Risk Management and Oversight Structure below. How Our Board is Involved in CEO and Senior Executive Succession Planning The Board periodically works with the Human Resources and Compensation Committee to evaluate potential CEO successors and in overseeing succession planning for other senior executives. Such matters are periodically discussed in executive sessions led by our Lead Director, both in the presence of our CEO and with only the independent directors. Our CEO also makes his recommendations and evaluations of potential successors available to the Board as appropriate. The Board s deliberations also consider cases of unforeseen emergencies or the temporary disability of our CEO and other senior executives. How Our Director Nominees are Selected The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee solicits recommendations for Board candidates from a number of sources including our directors, our officers, third-party research, and retained third-party search and advisory firms. Mr. Reymond was identified as a potential director nominee through prior business and professional interactions with our CEO and several members of our senior management team and thereafter a retained third-party search firm also assisted in providing relevant information with respect to the Board s evaluation. The committee will also consider candidates that are submitted by stockholders in accordance with the procedures described under Miscellaneous Stockholder Communications, Nominations, and Proposals below. The committee will consider all candidates properly identified through such processes and will evaluate each of them on the same basis, with the level of consideration extended thereto being commensurate with the quality and quantity of information the stockholder provides. We also have proxy access provisions in our bylaws that permit a stockholder, or a group of up to 20 stockholders, that has owned at least three percent of our outstanding Common Stock for at least three years to nominate and include in our proxy statement candidates for our Board, subject to certain requirements set forth therein. Each stockholder, or group of stockholders, may nominate candidates for our Board up to a limit of the greater of two or 20 percent of the number of directors on our Board. Any such nominee must meet the qualification standards referred to in our bylaws. The procedures for nominating a candidate under our proxy access provisions are described under Miscellaneous Stockholder Communications, Nominations, and Proposals below. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines vest the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee with responsibility for reviewing the composition of the Board, as well as the qualifications of the individual members of the Board and its various committees. This review includes consideration of relevant factors, including the committee s assessment of applicable independence standards and other considerations, potential conflicts with applicable laws or regulations, or with Valero s interests, and the individual s character, judgment, integrity, age, skills (including financial literacy, among others), unique experience, and other attributes in the context of the Board s needs at such time. Each candidate must meet certain minimum qualifications, including: strong ethical principles and integrity, the ability to dedicate sufficient time, energy, and attention to their duties as a director, taking into consideration our overboarding policy discussed above, and skills, experience, and attributes relative to the Board s needs at such time. Directors from different backgrounds with a variety of talents, experience, education, and perspectives can help bring value. To promote the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee s ability to effectively cast a wide net when searching for director candidates, the committee amended its charter in 2021 to require that the initial list of candidates (which is not limited in number) from which a director is nominated include, but need not be limited to, diverse qualified candidates. This requirement is communicated, as necessary, to any third parties assisting with director searches and is also implemented through the execution by the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of its oversight responsibilities concerning Valero s director search process. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee annually reviews and recommends a slate of director candidates for Board consideration and nomination for election at the next annual meeting of stockholders. For new director candidates, if deemed warranted following initial reviews and discussions of the candidate among the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, the full Board, and appropriate senior executives at Valero, formal outreach and/or interview efforts with the candidate are then initiated. After further evaluation and discussion, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee determines whether to recommend such candidate for election or nomination by the Board. The effectiveness of these practices and other Valero governance principles and documents in facilitating effective director search efforts are also assessed annually as part of the Board and committee evaluation process discussed above. 18 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Table of Contents HOW OUR BOARD IS STRUCTURED, GOVERNED, AND OPERATES Additional Details on Our Risk Management and Oversight Structure FULL BOARD OVERSIGHT Risk Management and Oversight is a Responsibility of the Full Board . The Board exercises its risk management and oversight responsibilities directly and through its committees. The Board considers risks over a variety of time frames based on the Board s business judgment regarding the scope, magnitude, and immediacy of the risks in light of the facts and circumstances applicable at such time, which is informed by the following processes and items, among others. Oversight of Key Areas . The Board regularly evaluates and discusses emerging risks and opportunities in key areas for Valero, including Valero s comprehensive liquid fuels strategy, HSE, public policy, sustainability, governance, compliance, financial reporting, cybersecurity/IT, Board effectiveness, succession planning, and human capital management. The Board has also periodically requested additional reports and materials to help stay informed and educated in areas pertinent to its oversight. Annual Three-Day Strategic Planning Meeting . The Board s annual three-day strategic planning meeting with management allows for an in-depth annual assessment and discussion of the (i) key risks and opportunities facing Valero; (ii) adequacy of Valero s strategy and practices in light thereof; and (iii) strategic priorities of Valero and the risks to the successful execution of its strategy. In addition to receiving and discussing reports from management in strategic planning sessions during such meeting, Valero invites, and the Board is able to interact with and ask questions of, third-party experts and Valero SMEs, who deliver reports on the risks and opportunities facing Valero over a variety of time frames, including those related to the future of energy, low-carbon projects and innovation, sustainability, liquid fuels, global geopolitics, and public policy. Committee Reports . After a report is presented and discussed at the committee level, the chair of that committee then reports on key matters presented and discussed to the full Board, which often results in additional review and discussion thereof. Committee chairs also periodically deliver reports at meetings of the Sustainability and Public Policy Committee on topics relevant to such committee, and this is a standing meeting agenda item for the Sustainability and Public Policy Committee. This helps facilitate the ability of the full Board and its committees to efficiently and effectively assess and coordinate Valero s risk identification, management, and oversight processes and strategies over a wide array of topics. Engagement, Education, and Skills and Experience . Valero s risk management and oversight is also informed and enhanced by (i) the continual feedback we receive from our stockholder and stakeholder engagements; (ii) our robust continuing director education efforts; (iii) the effective mix of knowledge, skills, and experience, and other attributes brought by our directors; and (iv) the other matters discussed throughout this How Our Board is Structured, Governed, and Operates section. BOARD OVERSIGHT HSE, PUBLIC POLICY, SUSTAINABILITY, AND CLIMATE Integrated and Multidisciplinary Approach to Oversight . The challenges and opportunities presented by sustainability and climate-related matters are broad-ranging, complex, and interrelated, and can overlap across multiple areas of respective responsibility of our Board committees. In order to manage and oversee such matters, each of the Board s committees assists the full Board with oversight of certain sustainability and climate-related matters within its area of respective responsibility and expertise. Public policy, sustainability, and climate-related matters, including regulatory developments, are a particular focus of the Sustainability and Public Policy Committee, and such matters are routine topics at the committee s meetings. Tailored Structure and Duties . The structure and composition of the Sustainability and Public Policy Committee was specifically tailored to enhance the Board s oversight of HSE, public policy, sustainability, and climate-related matters, and its committee charter codifies its oversight and responsibilities regarding such matters. The Sustainability Committee also receives and discusses, at least annually, reports on Valero s HSE efforts and political activities. To provide knowledge and insight from each of the Board s committees and independent Board leadership, and facilitate collaboration and coordination with the full Board and among its committees, the Sustainability and Public Policy Committee is comprised of four independent members, currently consisting of Ms. Majoras (as the committee s chair), the chairs of the Board s other committees, and our Lead Director (who is currently also a committee chair). All directors are also encouraged, but not required, to attend meetings of the Sustainability and Public Policy Committee. This structure allows the matters discussed at Sustainability and Public Policy Committee meetings to permeate all of the meetings and discussions of the Board and its committees and facilitates effective oversight thereof. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 19 Table of Contents HOW OUR BOARD IS STRUCTURED, GOVERNED, AND OPERATES BOARD OVERSIGHT CYBERSECURITY/IT AND AI Cybersecurity/IT . At least once annually, the heads of our information services and internal audit teams provide a report to the Audit Committee on (i) cybersecurity and IT risks, as well as Valero s information security operations, structure, and framework; (ii) various cybersecurity and IT metrics; (iii) Valero s cybersecurity and information security management and improvement efforts; (iv) future projects; and (v) Valero s governance and assessments related to cybersecurity and IT. The chair of the Audit Committee reports to the Board a summary of the information presented by the heads of our information services and internal audit teams during their cybersecurity update. Periodically, the Board also receives reports on such matters directly. We also have a cybersecurity incident response plan that contains notification procedures to the Board. 4 AI . In 2024, we established a company-wide cross-functional team to assess the risks and opportunities from conventional and generative AI and provided a formal report to the Board thereon. We continued these assessments in 2025 and again delivered a formal report to the Board thereon. We expect to continue these assessment efforts going forward. The Audit Committee also periodically discusses the use of data, technology, and AI by Valero and its independent auditor. 4 In 2025, the risks and opportunities presented by conventional and generative AI, and Valero s assessments with respect thereto, was one of several key agenda items that was reviewed and discussed in depth with the Board at its annual three-day strategic planning meeting with management. BOARD OVERSIGHT COMPLIANCE, ETHICS, AND CORPORATE CONDUCT Regular Board and Committee Updates and Reports . Generally, at most regularly scheduled meetings of the Audit Committee, Valero s Chief Compliance Officer (who reports directly to our General Counsel) provides an update on Valero s global compliance and ethics program, including updates with respect to Valero s compliance and ethics-related policies, initiatives, and trainings. The chair of the Audit Committee then provides a committee report to the full Board on the key matters presented and discussed during this compliance and ethics update. Under the Audit Committee s charter, the Chief Compliance Officer has the authority to communicate directly to the Audit Committee. 5 Monitoring of Global Compliance and Ethics Program . The Audit Committee monitors Valero s global compliance and ethics program and its effectiveness in detecting and preventing violations of Valero s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and other company policies, applicable law, and other misconduct. Valero has processes in place to vet its business partners, including expanded compliance checks, third-party due diligence, and sanctions screening. 5 Anonymous Internal and External Ethics Helpline . The Audit Committee has also established procedures for the receipt, retention, and treatment of complaints regarding accounting and auditing matters, and other suspected or known unethical behavior or violations of Valero s company policies (such as its Code of Business Conduct and Ethics ), including a method for anonymous submission through a third-party operated Ethics Helpline that is available in English, French, and Spanish. Valero provides employees, directors, business partners, and others in its supply chain access to this external helpline and strives to ensure that reports into the Ethics Helpline are followed up on and can be made anonymously and without fear of retaliation. 5 4 See our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025, for more information on cybersecurity/IT and AI. See also How Our Board is Structured, Governed and Operates Overview of Our Board Committees Audit Committee above for more information on the Audit Committee s activities related to cybersecurity/IT and AI in 2025. 5 See How Our Board is Structured, Governed and Operates Overview of Our Board Committees Audit Committee above for more information on the Audit Committee s activities related to compliance, ethics, and corporate conduct in 2025. 20 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Table of Contents ADDITIONAL HIGHLIGHTS LOW-CARBON FUELS, CYBERSECURITY/IT, AND COMPLIANCE Low-Carbon Projects, Investments, and Innovation Low-Carbon Fuels Investments . As of December 31, 2025, we have invested $6.0 billion in our low-carbon fuels businesses. 6 In evaluating low-carbon projects, we have held them to the same minimum after-tax internal rate of return requirement as our refining projects. Our low-carbon fuels businesses have made us the leading producer of low-carbon transportation fuels. Low-Carbon Projects . The following are examples of low-carbon projects that we are evaluating, developing, and/or advancing: 7 Carbon Sequestration and Carbon Capture and Storage . In 2025, we entered into a stand-alone agreement with respect to our ethanol plant in Linden, Indiana to capture, transport, and store carbon dioxide that results from the ethanol manufacturing process, and we continue to evaluate additional carbon sequestration and carbon capture and storage projects. Fiber Cellulosic Ethanol . In addition to starch ethanol, we use an enzymatic process to convert waste fibers into cellulosic ethanol, a second-generation fuel that offers a lower carbon intensity than tradit i onal ethanol. Sustainable Aviation Fuel ( SAF ) . 8 Our large-scale SAF production project at our renewable diesel plant in Texas was successfully completed in the fourth quarter of 2024. Renewable Naphtha . We produce renewable naphtha, which can be used as a gasoline blendstock to produce renewable gasoline or as a feedstock for producing low-carbon petrochemicals that then can be used to produce renewable plastics. Renewable Propane . We produce renewable propane, which is a byproduct of the renewable diesel production process, and can be used in the production of low-carbon hydrogen, as a petrochemical feedstock, or as a low-carbon fuel. Renewable Arctic Diesel . We produce renewable arctic diesel, a niche grade product, for use in Arctic climates. GHG Emissions Strategy Achievement of 2025 GHG Target . In 2020, we established a 2025 target with respect to our global refinery Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions reductions/displacements in line with our overall strategy and capital allocation framework. Beginning in 2021, and continuing through 2024, our performance share grants also included an energy transition modifier to tie long-term incentive ( LTI ) pay to our progress in advancing our low-carbon fuels strategy and growth. This feature helped catalyze our completion of several profitable growth projects from 2021-2024 that significantly increased our production of low-carbon fuels and enabled us to achieve our 2025 GHG emissions reductions/displacements target early. 9 2035 GHG Target . We have disclosed our 2035 target with respect to our global refinery Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions reductions/displacements, and we are on track to achieve this target. 9 Use of Product GHG Emissions Intensity . We have disclosed the company-wide GHG emissions from the use of our products ( Use of Product GHG Emissions Intensity ) on an intensity basis (per barrel and per unit of energy) for years 2021-2024. 9 Scope 1 Intensity Relative to Peers . We have disclosed our global refinery Scope 1 GHG emissions on an intensity basis (per barrel) for years 2019-2024, which demonstrates lower global refinery Scope 1 GHG emissions relative to peers. 9 Independent Third-Party Assurance . Since 2021, we have engaged one or more independent third parties to evaluate, validate, and/or verify our GHG emissions disclosures, and we intend to continue this annually. In 2025, this included limited assurance on/of: our company-wide 2024 GHG emissions (Scope 1 and 2) 10 , including refining, renewable diesel, and ethanol segments; our company-wide 2024 life cycle GHG emissions displacements from our renewable diesel, SAF, and ethanol production, as well as the blending of and credits from low-carbon fuels; our company-wide 2024 Use of Product GHG Emissions Intensity; 9 our 2024 global refinery Scope 1 Intensity (per barrel); 9 and the validation of our 2035 GHG emissions reductions/displacements target. 6 Our investment in our low-carbon fuels businesses consists of $4.1 billion in capital investments to build our renewable diesel business (including neat SAF), and $1.9 billion to build our ethanol business. Capital investments in our renewable diesel business represent 100% of the capital investments made by Diamond Green Diesel Holdings LLC, a consolidated joint venture. 7 See our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025, for more information on our low-carbon projects. 8 Our renewable diesel joint venture produces synthetic paraffinic kerosene ( SPK ), a renewable blending component, using the Hydrotreated Esters and Fatty Acids (HEFA) process. SPK is also commonly referred to as neat SAF. Current aviation regulations allow SPK to be blended up to 50% with conventional jet fuel for use in an aircraft. This blend is commonly referred to as blended SAF or SAF. 9 Pages 16-19 and 70-73 of our 2025 Report on Guiding Principles contain more information on our GHG emissions methodologies and disclosures, including for these targets, and our Use of Product GHG Emissions Intensity and global refinery Scope 1 intensity and peers. 10 Location-based and market-based calculations. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 21 Table of Contents ADDITIONAL HIGHLIGHTS LOW-CARBON FUELS, CYBERSECURITY/IT, AND COMPLIANCE Overview of Our Engagement Efforts Overview of Recent Engagement . We understand the value in continually seeking, listening to, and acting upon the input of our stockholders and stakeholders. Therefore, we continually engage with our stockholders and stakeholders, both large and small. Leading up to our 2025 annual meeting of stockholders, and through the remainder of 2025 and into 2026, our robust engagement efforts on compensation, sustainability, and governance included: offering dialogue to our 100 largest stockholders;* engaging with stockholders that collectively held approximately 48 percent of our Common Stock;* and holding at least 58 different meetings with stockholders and proxy advisory firms, several of which included participation from members of the Human Resources and Compensation Committee, including the committee s chair, and/or members of our senior management team. * Measurements reflect our reasonable determinations based on available data and information. See 2025 Say-on-Pay Engagement Efforts and Response under Compensation Discussion and Analysis below for more details. Stockholder Proposal . We received one stockholder proposal for the Annual Meeting (the 2026 ARO Proposal ), which requested that we disclose the estimated magnitude of our off-balance sheet asset retirement obligations ( AROs ). The 2026 ARO Proposal is substantively similar to a stockholder proposal we previously received in connection with our 2023 annual meeting of stockholders, which requested that we disclose the undiscounted expected value to settle obligations for AROs with indeterminate settlement dates (the 2023 ARO Proposal ). In each case, the requested ARO disclosures are incongruous with our accounting conclusions under GAAP, as well as those of our independent auditor, as reflected in our audited financial statements, and would be inappropriate and misleading. In 2023, we sent a no-action letter to the Staff of the Division of Corporation Finance of the SEC (the SEC Staff ) to describe these issues and ask that they agree with our analysis for excluding the 2023 ARO Proposal from our proxy statement, and the SEC Staff, which at the time was under the prior SEC administration, agreed and granted no-action relief. While we engaged with the proponent of the 2026 ARO Proposal several times and explained these points, the proponent ultimately refused to withdraw the 2026 ARO Proposal. As a result, we submitted a no-action letter to the SEC Staff to explain our rationale for excluding the 2026 ARO Proposal based on our reasonable belief that it is excludable under the applicable SEC rules and guidance, and based solely on our unqualified representation in this regard, the SEC Staff provided no-action relief. Each of these no-action letters are publicly available on the SEC s website. 11 Cybersecurity, IT, and AI Highlights Cybersecurity Training and Incident Response Exercises . Our employees are typically required to complete at least annual cybersecurity training. We also typically perform periodic tabletop exercises with a company-wide cross-functional team that are facilitated by a third-party expert and are intended to simulate a real-life security incident. Cybersecurity Testing and Third-Party Expert Review/Audit . Typically, we conduct penetration testing as needed and annually conduct Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard testing and firewall reviews, and have periodically engaged a third-party expert to help therewith. Typically, we also periodically engage a third-party expert to conduct a review of our information security framework, which is designed to help identify existing and emerging risks, and mitigate against such risks. AI . In 2024, we established a company-wide cross-functional team to assess the risks and opportunities from conventional and generative AI and provided a formal report to the Board thereon. We continued these assessments in 2025 and again delivered a formal report to the Board thereon. We expect to continue these assessment efforts going forward. The Audit Committee also periodically discusses the use of data, technology, and AI by Valero and its independent auditor. Compliance, Business Conduct, and Ethics Highlights Robust Compliance Training . We typically require all employees to periodically complete training on our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and periodically require training on other compliance and corporate matters, including conduct and ethics, helpline reporting, and data privacy, among others. We track and monitor completion of such compliance training. Promoting Business Ethics Awareness . We publish our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and Conduct Guidelines for Business Partners on our website in multiple languages . Additionally, we typically hold an annual company-wide corporate compliance and ethics week to shine a spotlight on the importance of compliance, business conduct, and ethics. 11 Our no-action letter with respect to the 2026 ARO Proposal and the SEC Staff s response can be accessed at: https://www.sec.gov/files/corpfin/no-action/14a-8/vipcvalero1226.pdf. Our no-action letter with respect to the 2023 ARO Proposal and the SEC Staff s response can be accessed at: https://www.sec.gov/divisions/corpfin/cf-noaction/14a-8/2023/njcpfvalero032023-14a8.pdf. 22 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Table of Contents RISK ASSESSMENT OF COMPENSATION PROGRAMS Our incentive compensation programs are designed to effectively balance risk and reward. When assessing risk, we consider both cash compensation payable under our annual incentive bonus