=== VLO_2026-02-25.htm.gz ===
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS LEGAL, GOVERNMENT, AND REGULATORY RISKS We are subject to risks arising from the Renewable and Low-Carbon Fuel Programs, and other regulations, policies, international certifications, and standards impacting low-carbon fuels for more information. In addition, see Note 1 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements regarding our accounting for the costs of the blending programs under Costs of Renewable and Low-Carbon Fuel Programs and Note 20 for disclosure of the costs of the blending programs under Renewable and Low-Carbon Fuel Programs Price Risk. U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) Renewable Fuel Standard (RFS) Program The EPA created the RFS program pursuant to the Energy Policy Act of 2005 and the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007. Under the RFS program, the EPA sets annual quotas for certain classes of renewable fuels that must be blended into petroleum-based transportation fuels consumed in the U.S., collectively referred to as the renewable volume obligation (RVO). Producers and importers of petroleum-based transportation fuels consumed in the U.S. must demonstrate compliance annually by retiring the appropriate number of compliance credits known as renewable identification numbers (RINs) 2 DGD produces synthetic paraffinic kerosene (SPK), a renewable blending component, using the Hydrotreated Esters and Fatty Acids (HEFA) process. SPK is also commonly referred to as neat SAF. Current aviation regulations allow SPK to be blended up to 50 percent with conventional jet fuel for use in an aircraft. This blend is commonly referred to as blended SAF or SAF. 2 Table of Contents associated with each class of renewable fuel to satisfy their RVO. RINs are generated through the production of qualifying renewable fuels. Obligated parties may obtain RINs by blending those renewable fuels into petroleum-based transportation fuels or by purchasing RINs in the open market. We are an obligated party under this program and our Refining segment incurs obligations as a result of being a producer and importer of petroleum-based transportation fuels consumed in the U.S., but we also generate RINs under this program as a result of being a producer of qualifying renewable fuels through our Renewable Diesel and Ethanol segments. Therefore, there is a cost to our refining business from this program because in order to comply with our RVO we must either purchase qualifying renewable fuels for blending or purchase RINs in the open market, but we also generate revenue through our Renewable Diesel and Ethanol segments from this program because we produce and sell qualifying renewable fuels. California Low Carbon Fuel Standard (LCFS) The California Air Resources Board (CARB) adopted the LCFS program to help achieve GHG emissions reductions required by California s Global Warming Solutions Act by decreasing the carbon intensity (CI) of transportation fuels consumed in the state. Under this program, each fuel is assigned a CI value, which is intended to represent the lifecycle GHG emissions associated with the feedstocks from which the fuel was produced, the fuel production and distribution activities, and the use of the finished fuel. The certified CIs for both low-carbon and petroleum-based transportation fuels are compared to a declining annual benchmark. Fuels below the benchmark generate credits, while fuels above the benchmark generate deficits. The lower the fuel s CI score compared to the benchmark, the greater number of credits generated. Each producer or importer of fuel must demonstrate that the overall mix of fuels it supplies for use in California meets the CI benchmarks for each compliance period. A producer or importer with a fuel mix that is above the CI benchmark must purchase LCFS credits sufficient to meet the CI benchmark. Our Refining segment produces and imports petroleum-based transportation fuels in California and thus must blend low-CI fuels or purchase credits to meet the CI benchmark. However, fuels produced by our Renewable Diesel and Ethanol segments have CI scores that are lower than traditional petroleum-based transportation fuels, and we benefit from the demand from other regulated entities for these low-carbon products. Canada Low-Carbon Fuel Programs In July 2022, Canada s federal environmental agency issued the Clean Fuel Regulations (CFR) program to require primary suppliers of gasoline or diesel that is produced in or imported into Canada to reduce the CI of those products. The obligation to achieve prescribed CI reduction requirements began on July 1, 2023. The CFR program is in addition to Canada s provincial programs (such as in British Columbia, Ontario, and Quebec), which require the utilization of low-carbon fuels, and is similar to the California LCFS program. As a primary supplier of gasoline and diesel in Canada, our Refining segment is subject to Canada s low-carbon fuel programs described above and thus must blend low-CI fuels or purchase credits to meet the annual CI reduction requirements of the applicable program. As noted above under California Low Carbon Fuel Standard (LCFS), fuels produced by our Renewable Diesel and Ethanol segments have lower CI scores than traditional petroleum-based transportation fuels, and we benefit from the increased demand for these low-carbon products as a result of Canada s low-carbon fuel programs. U.K. Renewable Transport Fuel Obligation (RTFO) Program The U.K. RTFO program was established to reduce GHG emissions from transportation fuels by promoting the use of low-carbon fuels. Under the RTFO program, suppliers of relevant transportation 3 Table of Contents fuels that are produced or imported into the U.K. are obligated to blend a minimum specified percentage of qualifying low-carbon fuels into petroleum-based transportation fuels annually. Obligated suppliers can satisfy their obligation by redeeming Renewable Transport Fuel Certificates (RTFCs), either generated by the supplier (through blending low-carbon fuels) or purchased from low-carbon fuel suppliers, or by paying a predetermined amount for each RTFC they choose to buy-out of their obligation. As a supplier of gasoline and diesel in the U.K., our Refining segment is subject to the U.K. s RTFO program described above and thus must blend qualifying low-carbon fuels or purchase RTFCs to satisfy our annual obligation. As previously noted, fuels produced by our Renewable Diesel segment have lower CI scores than traditional petroleum-based transportation fuels, and we benefit from the increased demand for these low-carbon products as a result of the U.K. s RTFO program. U.S. Federal Tax Incentives The U.S. federal government has recently made significant changes to tax incentives enacted to encourage the production of low-carbon fuels and/or reduce GHG emissions. Until recently, renewable diesel that was produced, blended, and sold by us qualified for a refundable tax credit (generally referred to as the blender s tax credit) of $1.00 per gallon under Section 6426 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code). In addition, cellulosic ethanol produced and sold by our Ethanol segment qualified for an income tax credit of $1.01 per gallon for second-generation biofuels under Section 40(b) of the Code. The tax credits provided under Sections 6426 and 40(b) expired on December 31, 2024. Effective January 1, 2025, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 replaced Section 6426 and Section 40(b) with Section 45Z of the Code, which instead allowed for a clean fuel production credit for years 2025 through 2027. On July 4, 2025, legislation commonly known as the One Big Beautiful Bill Act (OBBB) was enacted, which resulted in a broad range of changes to the Code, including the extension of the clean fuel production credit through December 31, 2029. Clean fuel production credits may be claimed for the qualifying sale of certain low-carbon transportation fuels (such as biodiesel, renewable diesel, and alternative fuels, including neat SAF) that were produced in the U.S. through December 31, 2025. Under the OBBB, fuel produced on or after January 1, 2026 must be exclusively derived from feedstocks produced or grown in the U.S., Mexico, or Canada in order to be eligible for this credit. The amount of the credit allowable varies based on the emissions rate for the specific fuel pathway and production process and on whether the facility at which the fuel is produced meets prevailing wage and/or apprenticeship requirements for certain activities. Also, for fuel produced on or after January 1, 2026, this credit generally is limited to $1.00 per gallon for all eligible fuels under the OBBB. Finally, the OBBB provides for GHG emissions attributed to indirect land use change to be excluded in determining the GHG emissions rate for transportation fuel produced after December 31, 2025. We expect this will allow much of our corn ethanol to meet the emissions reduction threshold to qualify for the clean fuel production credit. Also, Section 45Q of the Code provides tax credits for carbon oxide sequestration to certain taxpayers who capture and sequester, store, or use qualified carbon oxides (e.g., carbon dioxide). See Notes 1, 15, and 17 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information about these U.S. federal tax incentives. 4 Table of Contents Our Low-Carbon Projects As of December 31, 2025, we have invested $6.0 billion 3 in our low-carbon fuels businesses. Our large-scale SAF production project at the DGD Port Arthur Plant (as defined below under OUR OPERATIONS Renewable Diesel ) was successfully completed in the fourth quarter of 2024. The project provides the DGD Port Arthur Plant the optionality to upgrade approximately 50 percent of its current 470 million gallon renewable diesel annual production capacity to neat SAF. Qualifying sales of this low-carbon jet fuel have generated, and should continue to generate, clean fuel production credits. We continually evaluate federal tax and other incentives and may strategically pursue certain opportunities to optimize the potential benefits therefrom. We also continue to consider investments in economic, low-carbon projects, including carbon sequestration and carbon capture and storage, which are intended to lower the CI of our products. For example, the carbon sequestration and carbon capture and storage projects under evaluation at certain of our ethanol plants would be expected to increase the value of the ethanol product produced at those plants by helping to decrease its CI score and through the expected generation of tax credits for carbon oxide sequestration, when applicable. Several of our ethanol plants are located near geology believed to be suitable for sequestering carbon dioxide, and in 2025 we entered into a stand-alone agreement with respect to our ethanol plant in Linden, Indiana to capture, transport, and store carbon dioxide that results from the ethanol manufacturing process. We continue to evaluate additional carbon sequestration and carbon capture and storage projects. ENVIRONMENTAL MANAGEMENT SYSTEMS We have well-developed management structures that are central to our decision making and risk management, including three programs that support our environmental management as follows: Our Commitment to Excellence Management System (CTEMS) is a proprietary systematic approach to planning, executing, checking, and acting to improve everyday work activities at many of our refineries and plants. CTEMS is structured around nine core elements: leadership accountability, protecting people and the environment, people and skills development, operations reliability and mechanical integrity, technical excellence and knowledge management, change management, business competitiveness, external stakeholder relationships, and assurance and review. Within each element, we have identified multiple expectations to achieve our commitment to excellence. Environmental Excellence and Risk Assessment (EERA) elevates the environmental audit and compliance functions to an environmental excellence vision. Its main goal is to assess the design and effectiveness of environmental performance regarding specific excellence objectives, and to facilitate continuous improvement across our operations. EERA defines more than 100 expectations and involves a proprietary five-step process using due diligence on data and field assessments reviewed by a combination of external and internal subject matter experts. 3 Our investment in our low-carbon fuels businesses consists of $4.1 billion in capital investments to build our renewable diesel business (including neat SAF), and $1.9 billion to build our ethanol business. Capital investments in renewable diesel represent 100 percent of the capital investments made by DGD. See also ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES Our Capital Resources Capital Investments, which is incorporated by reference into this item for our definition of capital investments. 5 Table of Contents Our Fuels Management System (FMS) provides operational safeguards, software, training, and protocols for uniformity across our refineries and plants to reinforce our compliance with applicable fuels regulations. Built on the success of FMS, our Low Carbon Assurance Program (LCAP) was implemented to further delineate and strengthen our internal processes to assure compliance with applicable low-carbon fuels regulations, policies, and standards. LCAP defines key regulatory requirements, management expectations, and internal regulatory assurances relating to transportation fuels regulated by low-carbon fuels regulations, policies, and standards. OUR OPERATIONS Our operations are managed through the following reportable segments: our Refining segment, which includes the operations of our petroleum refineries, the associated activities to market our refined petroleum products, and the logistics assets that support those operations; our Renewable Diesel segment, which includes the operations of DGD and the associated activities to market low-carbon fuels; and our Ethanol segment, which includes the operations of our ethanol plants and the associated activities to market our ethanol and co-products. Financial information about these segments is presented in Note 17 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, which is incorporated by reference into this item. See ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS BUSINESS, INDUSTRY, AND OPERATIONS RISKS Our financial results are affected by volatile margins, which are dependent upon factors beyond our control, including the prices we pay to acquire feedstocks and the market prices at which we can sell our products , Industry, market, and other developments could decrease the demand for our products , The availability and prices of our feedstocks and other critical supplies expose us to risks , Our investments in joint ventures and other entities limit our ability to manage risk , and LEGAL, GOVERNMENT, AND REGULATORY RISKS We are subject to risks arising from the Renewable and Low-Carbon Fuel Programs, and other regulations, policies, international certifications, and standards impacting low-carbon fuels , which are incorporated by reference into this item. 6 Table of Contents Refining Refineries Overview Our 15 petroleum refineries are located in the U.S., Canada, and the U.K., and they have a combined feedstock throughput capacity of approximately 3.2 million BPD. The following table presents the locations of these refineries and their feedstock throughput capacities as of December 31, 2025. Refinery Location Throughput Capacity (a) (BPD) U.S.: Benicia (b) California 170,000 Wilmington California 135,000 Meraux Louisiana 135,000 St. Charles Louisiana 340,000 Ardmore Oklahoma 90,000 Memphis Tennessee 195,000 Corpus Christi (c) Texas 370,000 Houston Texas 255,000 McKee Texas 200,000 Port Arthur Texas 435,000 Texas City Texas 260,000 Three Rivers Texas 100,000 Canada: Quebec City Quebec 235,000 U.K.: Pembroke Wales 270,000 Total 3,190,000 ________________________ (a) Throughput capacity represents estimated capacity for processing crude oil, intermediates, and other feedstocks. Total estimated crude oil capacity is approximately 2.7 million BPD. (b) In March 2025, we approved a plan with respect to the operations at our Benicia Refinery and currently intend to idle the processing units and cease refining operations by the end of April 2026. See Note 2 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information related to this matter. (c) Represents the combined capacities of two refineries the Corpus Christi East and Corpus Christi West Refineries. California Benicia Refinery . Our Benicia Refinery is located northeast of San Francisco on the Carquinez Strait of San Francisco Bay. It processes sour crude oils into California Reformulated Gasoline Blendstock for Oxygenate Blending (CARBOB) and Conventional Blendstock for Oxygenate Blending (CBOB) gasolines, CARB diesel, diesel, jet fuel, and asphalt. Gasoline production is primarily CARBOB, which meets CARB specifications when blended with ethanol. The refinery receives feedstocks via a marine dock and pipelines and distributes most of its products via pipeline and truck. 7 Table of Contents Wilmington Refinery . Our Wilmington Refinery is located near Los Angeles. It processes a blend of heavy and high-sulfur crude oils and produces CARBOB and CBOB gasolines, CARB diesel, diesel, jet fuel, and asphalt. The refinery receives feedstocks via pipelines connected to marine terminals and docks and distributes its products via pipeline to various terminals. Louisiana Meraux Refinery . Our Meraux Refinery is located approximately 15 miles southeast of New Orleans on the Mississippi River. It processes sour and sweet crude oils and produces gasoline, diesel, jet fuel, and high-sulfur fuel oil. The refinery receives feedstocks at its dock and has access to the Louisiana Offshore Oil Port and distributes its products via its dock and the Colonial Pipeline. The refinery is located about 40 miles from our St. Charles Refinery, allowing for integration of feedstocks and refined petroleum product blending. St. Charles Refinery . Our St. Charles Refinery is located approximately 25 miles west of New Orleans on the Mississippi River. It processes sour crude oils and other feedstocks and produces gasoline and diesel. The refinery receives feedstocks via its docks and has access to the Louisiana Offshore Oil Port and distributes its products via its docks and our Parkway Pipeline and the Bengal Pipeline, both of which access the Plantation Pipeline and Colonial Pipeline. We are progressing with a Fluid Catalytic Cracking Unit optimization project at the refinery that will enhance its ability to produce high-value products. This project is expected to begin operations in the second half of 2026. Oklahoma Ardmore Refinery . Our Ardmore Refinery is located approximately 100 miles south of Oklahoma City. It processes primarily sweet crude oils and produces gasoline and diesel. The refinery receives feedstocks via pipelines and distributes its products via rail, truck, and the Magellan Pipeline system. Tennessee Memphis Refinery . Our Memphis Refinery is located on the Mississippi River. It processes primarily sweet crude oils and produces gasoline, diesel, and jet fuel. The refinery receives feedstocks via the Diamond Pipeline, the Dakota Access Pipeline, barge, and rail and distributes its products via truck, barge, the Shorthorn Pipeline, and rail. Texas Corpus Christi East and West Refineries . Our Corpus Christi East and West Refineries are located on the Corpus Christi Ship Channel. The East Refinery processes sour crude oil and the West Refinery processes sweet crude oil, sour crude oil, and residual fuel oil, and both refineries produce gasoline, aromatics, jet fuel, diesel, and asphalt. The refineries receive feedstocks via docks on the Corpus Christi Ship Channel and pipelines. The refineries physical locations allow for the transfer of various feedstocks and blending components between them. The refineries distribute their products via truck, ship, barge, and pipeline. Houston Refinery . Our Houston Refinery is located on the Houston Ship Channel. It processes sweet crude and intermediate oils and produces gasoline, jet fuel, and diesel. The refinery receives feedstocks via pipeline, ship, and barge and distributes its products via pipeline, including the Colonial Pipeline and Explorer Pipeline. 8 Table of Contents McKee Refinery . Our McKee Refinery is located in the Texas Panhandle. It processes primarily sweet crude oils and produces gasoline, diesel, jet fuel, and asphalt. The refinery receives feedstocks via pipeline and distributes its products primarily via pipeline and rail. Port Arthur Refinery . Our Port Arthur Refinery is located on the Texas Gulf Coast approximately 90 miles east of Houston. It processes heavy sour crude oils and other feedstocks and produces gasoline, diesel, jet fuel, and residual fuel oil. The refinery receives feedstocks via rail, ship, barge, and pipeline and distributes its products via pipeline, including the Colonial Pipeline and Explorer Pipeline, and via ship and barge. Texas City Refinery . Our Texas City Refinery is located southeast of Houston on the Texas City Ship Channel. It processes crude oils and produces gasoline, diesel, and jet fuel. The refinery receives feedstocks via pipeline and by ship and barge using docks on the Texas City Ship Channel and distributes its products via ship and barge, as well as via pipeline, including the Colonial Pipeline and Explorer Pipeline. Three Rivers Refinery . Our Three Rivers Refinery is located in South Texas between Corpus Christi and San Antonio. It primarily processes sweet crude oils and produces gasoline, diesel, jet fuel, and aromatics. The refinery receives feedstocks via pipeline and truck and distributes its products primarily via pipeline. Canada Quebec Refinery . Our Quebec Refinery is located in L vis (near Quebec City). It processes sweet crude oils and produces gasoline, diesel, jet fuel, heating oil, and low-sulfur fuel oil. The refinery receives feedstocks via ship at its marine dock on the St. Lawrence River (some of which is sourced from our crude oil terminal in Montreal that receives crude oil from western Canada) and distributes its products via our pipeline to our Montreal East terminal and other terminals and via rail, truck, and ship. U.K. Pembroke Refinery . Our Pembroke Refinery is located in the County of Pembrokeshire in South West Wales. It processes primarily sweet crude oils and produces gasoline, diesel, jet fuel, heating oil, and low-sulfur fuel oil. The refinery receives its feedstocks via ship and barge through docks on the Milford Haven Waterway and distributes its products via truck, ship, barge, and our Mainline Pipeline. Feedstock Supply Crude oil and other feedstocks are purchased through a combination of term and spot contracts. Our term supply contracts are at market-related prices, and feedstocks are purchased directly or indirectly from various national oil companies, as well as international and U.S. oil companies. The contracts generally permit the parties to amend the contracts (or terminate them), effective as of the next scheduled renewal date, by giving the other party proper notice within a prescribed period of time (e.g., 60 days, 6 months) before expiration of the current term. The majority of the crude oil purchased under our term contracts is purchased at the producer s official stated price (i.e., the market price established by the seller for all purchasers) and not at a negotiated price specific to us. 9 Table of Contents Marketing Overview We sell refined petroleum products in both the wholesale rack and bulk markets. These sales include products that are manufactured in our refining operations, as well as products purchased or received on exchange from third parties. Most of our refineries have access to marine facilities, and they interconnect with common-carrier pipeline systems, allowing us to sell products in the U.S., Canada, the U.K., Ireland, Latin America, and other parts of the world. Wholesale Rack Sales We sell our products on a wholesale basis through an extensive rack marketing network. The principal purchasers of our products from terminal truck racks are wholesalers, distributors, retailers, and truck-delivered end users throughout the U.S., Canada, the U.K., Ireland, and Latin America. The majority of our rack volume is sold through unbranded channels. The remainder is sold to distributors and dealers that are members of the Valero family of brands that operate branded sites in the U.S., Canada, the U.K., Ireland, and Mexico. These sites are independently owned and are supplied by us under multi-year contracts. Approximately 7,000 outlets carry our brand names. For branded sites, products are sold under the Valero , Beacon , Diamond Shamrock , and Shamrock brands in the U.S., the Ultramar brand in Canada, the Valero and Texaco brands in the U.K. and Ireland, and the Valero brand in Mexico. Bulk Sales We also sell our products through bulk sales channels in the U.S. and international markets. Our bulk sales are made to various petroleum companies, traders, and bulk end users, such as railroads, airlines, and utilities. Our bulk sales are distributed primarily via pipeline, ship, and barge to major tank farms and trading hubs. Logistics We own logistics assets (crude oil pipelines, product pipelines, terminals, tanks, marine docks, truck rack bays, and other assets) that support our refining operations and export capabilities. Demand for transportation fuels in Latin America is expected to continue to grow. To support our wholesale rack operations in Latin America, we have invested in or grown our access to terminals in Mexico and Peru. Our U.S. Gulf Coast refineries are well positioned to support export growth to Latin America, and all of our refineries with waterborne access are well positioned to support export growth in other countries around the world. Renewable Diesel Our Relationship with DGD DGD is a joint venture that we consolidate. We entered into the DGD joint venture in 2011 and it began operations in 2013. We operate DGD s renewable diesel plants and perform certain management functions for DGD as an independent contractor under an agreement with DGD. See Note 12 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements regarding our accounting for DGD. Renewable Diesel Plants DGD owns two renewable diesel plants. The first DGD plant began operations in 2013 and is located next to our St. Charles Refinery (the DGD St. Charles Plant). The second DGD plant began operations in 2022 and is located next to our Port Arthur Refinery (the DGD Port Arthur Plant, and together with the DGD St. Charles Plant, the DGD Plants). The DGD Plants produce renewable diesel, renewable naphtha, and 10 Table of Contents with the completion of the SAF project at the DGD Port Arthur Plant, began producing neat SAF in the fourth quarter of 2024. Renewable diesel is a low-carbon liquid transportation fuel that is interchangeable with petroleum-based diesel. Renewable naphtha can be used as a gasoline blendstock to produce renewable gasoline or as a feedstock for producing low-carbon petrochemicals that then can be used to produce renewable plastics. These products are produced from waste and renewable feedstocks using a pre-treatment process and an advanced hydroprocessing-isomerization process. Neat SAF is a renewable blending component that, under current aviation regulations, can be blended up to 50 percent with conventional jet fuel to produce SAF for use in an aircraft. The market value of these products can vary based on regional policies, feedstock preferences, and CI scores. Waste feedstocks (predominantly animal fats, used cooking oils, and inedible distillers corn oils (DCOs)) are the preferred feedstocks due to their lower CI scores; however, vegetable oils and other renewable feedstocks are also used. While several other companies have made, or have announced interest in making, investments in renewable diesel projects, the DGD Plants are currently two of only a small number of operational facilities that have the flexibility to process up to 100 percent waste feedstocks, and this feedstock flexibility provides margin opportunities in certain product markets. The DGD Plants receive waste and renewable feedstocks primarily by rail, truck, ship, and barge owned by third parties. DGD is party to a raw material supply agreement with Darling under which Darling is obligated to offer to DGD a portion of its feedstock requirements at market pricing, but DGD is not obligated to purchase all or any part of its feedstock from Darling. Therefore, DGD pursues the most optimal feedstock supply available. The DGD St. Charles Plant has a production capacity of approximately 700 million gallons of renewable diesel and approximately 30 million gallons of renewable naphtha per year. The DGD Port Arthur Plant has a production capacity of approximately 470 million gallons of renewable diesel and approximately 20 million gallons of renewable naphtha per year. DGD s combined renewable diesel and renewable naphtha production capacities are approximately 1.2 billion gallons and 50 million gallons, respectively, per year. The SAF project at the DGD Port Arthur Plant commenced operations in the fourth quarter of 2024. The project provides the plant the optionality to upgrade approximately 50 percent of its renewable diesel annual production capacity to neat SAF. Marketing DGD sells renewable diesel, renewable naphtha, and neat SAF under the Diamond Green Diesel brand primarily to be blended with petroleum-based diesel, petroleum-based gasoline, and conventional jet fuel, respectively, and to end users for use in their operations. DGD distributes its renewable diesel, renewable naphtha, and neat SAF via rail, ship, and barge to domestic and international markets. 11 Table of Contents Ethanol Ethanol Plants Our ethanol business began in 2009 with the purchase of our first ethanol plants. We have since grown the business by purchasing additional ethanol plants. Our 12 ethanol plants are located in the Mid-Continent region of the U.S., and they have a combined ethanol production capacity of approximately 1.7 billion gallons per year. Our ethanol plants are dry mill facilities that process corn to produce ethanol and various co-products, including livestock feed (dry distillers grains (DDGs) and syrup) and inedible DCOs. The following table presents the locations of our ethanol plants, their annual production capacities for ethanol (in millions of gallons) and DDGs (in tons), and their annual corn processing capacities (in millions of bushels) as of December 31, 2025. State City Ethanol Production Capacity DDG Production Capacity Corn Processing Capacity Indiana Bluffton 140 368,000 49 Linden 140 368,000 49 Mount Vernon 100 263,000 35 Iowa Albert City 140 368,000 49 Charles City 165 434,000 57 Fort Dodge 150 394,000 52 Hartley 150 394,000 52 Lakota 120 315,000 42 Minnesota Welcome 150 394,000 52 Nebraska Albion 140 368,000 49 Ohio Bloomingburg 140 368,000 49 South Dakota Aurora 165 434,000 57 Total 1,700 4,468,000 592 We source our corn supply from local farmers and commercial elevators. Our plants receive corn primarily via rail and truck. Marketing We sell our ethanol under term and spot contracts in bulk markets in the U.S. We also export our ethanol into the global markets and have access to logistics assets that are well positioned to support export growth. We distribute our ethanol primarily by rail (using some railcars owned by us), truck, ship, and barge. We sell DDGs primarily to animal feed customers in the U.S., Mexico, and Asia, which are distributed primarily via rail, truck, ship, and barge. Seasonality Demand for gasoline, diesel, and asphalt is higher during the spring and summer months than during the winter months in most of our markets, primarily due to seasonal increases in highway traffic and construction. The demand for renewable diesel has not significantly fluctuated by season. Ethanol is primarily blended into gasoline, and as a result, ethanol demand typically moves in line with the demand for gasoline. 12 Table of Contents GOVERNMENT REGULATIONS We incorporate by reference into this item the disclosures on government regulations, including environmental regulations, contained in the following sections of this report: OUR COMPREHENSIVE LIQUID FUELS STRATEGY Regulations, Policies, and Standards Driving Low-Carbon Fuel Demand ; ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS LEGAL, GOVERNMENT, AND REGULATORY RISKS ; and ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS ENVIRONMENTAL ENFORCEMENT MATTERS. Our business is heavily regulated, and our costs for compliance with government regulations are significant and can be material, especially costs associated with the Renewable and Low-Carbon Fuel Programs disclosed in Notes 19 and 20 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, which are incorporated by reference into this item. In addition, see Note 1 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements regarding our accounting for the costs of these programs under Costs of Renewable and Low-Carbon Fuel Programs. Our capital expenditures attributable to compliance with government regulations, including environmental regulations, did not have a material effect on our total capital expenditures in 2025, and we currently do not expect that compliance with government regulations, including environmental regulations, will have material effects on our total capital expenditures in 2026. HUMAN CAPITAL We believe that our employees provide a competitive advantage for our success. We seek to foster a strong team culture that supports our employees, and we strive to provide a safe, healthy, and rewarding work environment for our employees with opportunities for professional growth and long-term financial stability. Headcount On December 31, 2025, we had 9,811 employees. These employees were located in the following countries: Country Number of Employees U.S. 8,182 Canada 638 U.K. and Ireland 821 Mexico and Peru 170 Total 9,811 Of our total employees as of December 31, 2025, 1,782 were covered by collective bargaining or similar agreements and 9,785 were in permanent full-time positions. See also ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS GENERAL RISK FACTORS We are exposed to risks arising from various labor-related matters . 13 Table of Contents Company Culture and Human Capital (People) Strategy Our company culture and our well-defined expectations of ethics and behavior guide the daily work of our employees and support our efforts to produce exceptional company results. The six values that define our culture are Safety, Accountability, Teamwork, Do the Right Thing, Caring, and Excellence . Our people strategy and programs are designed and implemented to support our business and strategic objectives. In building and fostering great teams, we are guided by the following: We strive to hire and promote top-talent employees with team-oriented work ethics and values; Our pay, benefits, and support programs are designed to attract and retain excellent employees and to reward innovation, ingenuity, and excellence; We seek to provide a best-in-class work environment built on a foundation of respect, accountability, and trust; We promote a culture of learning intended to drive excellence at all levels of the organization and foster career-long growth and development opportunities for employees; and We regularly assess employee performance, organizational structures, and succession plans to support operational excellence, efficiency, and effectiveness. We believe that having employees from different backgrounds with a variety of talents, experience, education, and perspectives helps create innovative and engaged teams, which provide strengths and advantages for our success. To this end, we are committed to equal employment opportunity without illegal discrimination or harassment based on race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, physical or mental disability, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected under applicable law. In accordance with our obligations as a federal contractor, we are committed to hiring and retaining veterans and reservists of the U.S. Armed Forces, as well as individuals with disabilities. As of December 31, 2025, approximately 11 percent and 12 percent of our U.S. employees were veterans and reservists of the U.S. Armed Forces, and individuals with disabilities, respectively. Safety We believe that safety and reliability are important, not only for the protection of our employees and communities, and the cultural values we aspire to as a company, but also for operational success. A decrease in the number of employee and process safety events should generally reduce unplanned shutdowns and increase the operational reliability of our refineries and plants. This, in turn, should also translate into a safer workplace with fewer environmental incidents and stronger community relations. We strive to improve safety and reliability performance by offering year-round safety training programs for our employees and contractors and by seeking to promote the same expectations and culture of safety. We also seek to enhance our safety performance by conducting safety audits, quality assurance visits, and comprehensive safety and risk assessments at our facilities. To assess safety performance, we measure our annual total recordable incident rate (TRIR), which includes data with respect to our global refining employees and contractors and is defined as the number of recordable injuries per 200,000 working hours. We also annually measure our Tier 1 Process Safety Event Rate, which is a metric defined by the American Petroleum Institute that identifies process safety events per 200,000 total employee and contractor working hours. We use these measures and believe they 14 Table of Contents are helpful in assessing our safety performance because they evaluate performance relative to the numbers of hours being worked. These metrics are also used by others in our industry, which allows for a more objective comparison of our performance. Our refinery employee and contractor TRIR for 2025 was 0.13 and 0.19, respectively, and our refinery Tier 1 Process Safety Event Rate for 2025 was 0.04. Compensation and Benefits We believe that it is important to provide our employees with competitive and comprehensive compensation and benefits. Our compensation programs are designed with consideration of anti-discrimination laws and built upon a foundational philosophy of market-competitive and performance-based pay. In addition, we have an annual bonus program that rewards company achievements in various operational, financial, and strategic objectives. The benefits we offer to employees, depending on work location and eligibility status, include, among others, health care plans that are generally available to all employees, vacation and leave programs, access to financial education and planning, caregiver support networks (including an on-site child care center at our headquarters), a company 401(k) matching program, various company-sponsored pension plans, on-site employee wellness centers, tuition reimbursement programs, and fitness center access or a subsidy. Training and Development We offer a comprehensive training and development program for our employees in subjects such as engineering and technical excellence, safety, environmental, maintenance and machinery/equipment repair, ethics, leadership, and employee performance. We also require all employees to complete training on technical matters, such as cybersecurity and information technology security, and various compliance and corporate conduct matters. We offer virtual training, which allows for greater availability and access across our global workforce. Wellness We strive to promote the health and well-being of our employees and their families. Our Total Wellness Program serves as the umbrella program for all aspects of employee wellness. Under this program, our employees well-being is prioritized through comprehensive resources and subsidized services. We continually evaluate our benefit offerings to support improved health and wellness outcomes for our people and to help determine the most appropriate allocation of company resources. 15 Table of Contents PROPERTIES Our principal properties are described in OUR OPERATIONS above and that information is incorporated by reference into this item. We believe that our properties are generally adequate for our operations and that our refineries and plants are maintained in a good state of repair. As of December 31, 2025, we were the lessee under a number of cancelable and noncancelable leases for certain properties. Our leases are discussed in Note 5 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, which is incorporated by reference into this item. Financial information about our properties is presented in Note 6 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, which is incorporated by reference into this item. AVAILABLE INFORMATION Our website address is www.valero.com. Information (including any presentation or report) on our website is not part of, and is not incorporated into, this report or any other report or document we may file with or furnish to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), whether made before or after the date of this annual report on Form 10-K and irrespective of any general incorporation language therein, unless specifically identified in such filing as being incorporated by reference in such filing. Furthermore, references to our website URLs are intended to be inactive textual references only. Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, proxy statement, and other filings and reports, as well as any amendments to those filings and reports, filed with or furnished to the SEC are available on our website (under Investors Financials SEC Filings) free of charge, soon after we file or furnish such material. In addition, the SEC maintains a website address (https://www.sec.gov) where you may access these filings and reports. Additionally, on our website (under Investors Governance Engagement), we post our Corporate Governance Guidelines and other governance policies, including our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, and the charters of the committees of our board of directors (Board). In this same location, we also publish our 2025 Valero Report on Guiding Principles, which features our disclosures related to safety, environment, community, employees, and governance initiatives. These documents are available in print to any stockholder that makes a written request to Valero Energy Corporation, Attn: Secretary, P.O. Box 696000, San Antonio, Texas 78269-6000. These reports and disclosures are not a part of this annual report on Form 10-K, are not deemed filed with the SEC, and are not to be incorporated by reference into any of our filings with the SEC, whether made before or after the date of this annual report on Form 10-K and irrespective of any general incorporation language therein, unless specifically identified in such filing as being incorporated by reference in such filing. 16 Table of Contents ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS You should carefully consider the following risk factors in addition to the other information included in this report. Each of these risks could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and/or liquidity, as well as, in certain cases, the value of an investment in our securities. Although the risks are organized by headings and each risk is discussed separately, many are interrelated. BUSINESS, INDUSTRY, AND OPERATIONS RISKS Our financial results are affected by volatile margins, which are dependent upon factors beyond our control, including the prices we pay to acquire feedstocks and the market prices at which we can sell our products. Our financial results are affected by the margin (i.e., the difference) between our product prices and the prices for crude oil, corn, and other feedstocks that we purchase, which can vary greatly based on global and regional market conditions, as well as by type and class of product or feedstock. Historically, product margins have been volatile, and we believe they will continue to be volatile in the future. The prices we pay to acquire feedstocks and the market prices at which we can ultimately sell our products depend upon several factors, including global and regional supplies, inventory levels, and availability of and demand for feedstocks, liquid transportation fuels, and other products. These in turn depend on, among other things, global and regional production levels, or capacities of suppliers and competitors; operational costs and flexibility (including natural gas, electricity, and water availability and costs); transportation and logistics availability and costs; proximity and access to product and feedstock supplies and markets; economic activity and growth levels; U.S. and foreign relations (including tariffs, duties, sanctions, or other trade restrictions); political affairs; government regulations; and the events described in many of the other risk factors below. The ability of the members of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) and other petroleum-producing nations that collectively make up OPEC+ to agree on and to maintain crude oil price and production controls has also had, and is likely to continue to have, a significant impact on the market prices of crude oil and certain of our products. Although several refinery closures have recently been announced or are in process and others are expected in the future, there have also been recent additions to global refining capacity, which create risks and uncertainties related to product margins, volatility, and market perceptions of the refining industry. Regarding low-carbon fuels margins, see also, among other risk factors set forth below, The availability and prices of our feedstocks and other critical supplies expose us to risks, and We are subject to risks arising from the Renewable and Low-Carbon Fuel Programs, and other regulations, policies, international certifications, and standards impacting low-carbon fuels. Many of these factors are interrelated, beyond our control, can vary globally and regionally, and may change quickly, adding to market volatility, while others may have longer-term effects that are uncertain. We do not produce any of our primary feedstocks (other than DCOs produced by our ethanol plants), and must purchase nearly all of the feedstocks we process. We generally purchase our feedstocks long before we process them and sell the resulting products. Price level changes during the period between purchasing feedstocks and selling the resulting products have had, and could continue to have, a significant effect on our financial results. A decline in market prices for our products and feedstocks has also had, and could again have, a negative impact to the carrying value of our inventories. Factors outside of our control, such as economic, legal, regulatory, and political uncertainties; global geopolitical and other conflicts and tensions; inflation (and the potential for increased prices to reduce demand); prolonged periods of high interest rates; and public health crises (such as pandemics or epidemics) have negatively affected, and many such factors could continue to negatively affect, economic activity and growth levels of the U.S. 17 Table of Contents and other countries. In turn, the demand for and consumption of our products, and also our revenues, margins, growth prospects, and capital allocation decisions have been and could again be negatively impacted. A significant portion of our profitability is derived from the ability to purchase and process crude oil feedstocks that historically have been cheaper than benchmark crude oils. These crude oil feedstock differentials vary significantly depending on many factors, including global and regional economic conditions, trends and conditions within crude oil and refined petroleum products markets, and the events described above and in many of the other risk factors below . Previous declines in such differentials have had, and any future declines will likely again have, a negative impact on our results of operations. We are subject to risks arising from the availability and prices of natural gas, electricity, and water. Our operations depend on the reliable supply of natural gas, electricity, and water. We consume significant amounts of natural gas, electricity, and water to operate our refineries and plants, and the prices thereof can have a measurable effect on the total cost of our operations. Volatility in the prices for natural gas and electricity, in particular, is an ongoing risk to such costs. We also purchase other commodities whose prices may vary depending on the prices of natural gas, electricity, and water. The availability and prices of natural gas, electricity, and water have been, and could continue to be, affected by numerous events, such as (as applicable) government regulations or actions (including sanctions); rationing and curtailment; rate increases; weather (e.g., droughts, hurricanes, and periods of extreme heat or cold); logistics interruptions; electric grid outages; cybersecurity incidents; intermittent electricity generation (particularly from wind and solar); hostilities; terrorism; protests; human error; population and industry growth; infrastructure or supply mismanagement; and supply and demand imbalances. For example, the real-time market structure of the largest grid operator in Texas exposes many of our refineries and operations located in Texas to scarcity pricing during periods of supply and demand imbalance. As electrification continues to grow, or if there are increased restrictions or costs imposed on the ability of utilities or power suppliers to utilize certain energy sources (such as through restrictions on, or other pressure not to use, fossil fuel or nuclear-generated electricity), there will likely be increased strains on and risks to the integrity, reliability, and resilience of electrical grids, and increased volatility and tightness in natural gas and electricity supplies across the world. These events could negatively affect the cost, reliability, and availability of our natural gas and electricity supplies and may cause sporadic outages disrupting our operations. Growing electrification and rapidly developing and increasing technology use (such as artificial intelligence (AI), computer processing, cryptocurrency mining, and cloud storage, as well as the data centers and power supplies required to support these activities) will also likely increase the intermittency and decrease the reliability of electricity supplies, particularly for grids highly dependent upon wind and solar power, which exacerbate the foregoing challenges, including by increasing costs. Government and private impediments and opposition to certain infrastructure projects (including pipelines) have also resulted in, and could continue to result in, the underinvestment in, or unavailability of, the infrastructure and logistics assets needed to transport and obtain natural gas, electricity, and water in a reliable and cost-efficient manner. We actively manage these risks through contracting and, in the case of natural gas and electricity, hedging, as appropriate, and by pursuing projects that reduce our reliance on third parties and fortify the resilience of our assets and supplies. However, increases in the prices for natural gas and electricity, and disruptions to our supplies thereof, have had, and could again have, a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. Certain of our refineries in Texas have also recently experienced various water supply challenges that remain ongoing to various degrees and in certain instances have resulted in, or are 18 Table of Contents expected to result in, additional capital expenditures and/or ongoing costs. We could experience additional water supply challenges in the future. The availability and prices of our feedstocks and other critical supplies expose us to risks. We source our petroleum-based and low-carbon fuel feedstocks, as well as many other critical supplies, such as catalyst, chemicals, treating materials, and metal-based consumables, from suppliers throughout the world. We are, therefore, subject to the legal, political, geographic, and economic risks attendant to doing business with suppliers located in, and supplies originating from, different areas across the world. If one or more of our supply contracts were terminated, or if legal, government, political, or other developments (including global geopolitical and other conflicts and tensions) were to disrupt our traditional feedstock and other critical supplies, we believe that adequate alternative supplies would be available, but it is possible that we would be unable to obtain adequate or optimal alternative sources of supply, or would be able to do so only at unfavorable prices or costs. Our refineries and plants without access to waterborne deliveries or offtake must rely on rail, pipeline, or ground transportation and thus have been, and will likely continue to be, more susceptible to such risks. If we are unable to obtain adequate or optimal supplies, or are able to do so only at unfavorable prices or costs, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity could be materially and adversely affected, including from reduced product sales volumes, curtailed production, lower product margins, and higher operating costs. The U.S. and other governments can also prevent or restrict us from doing business involving other countries. U.S. and other government sanctions and actions by governments and private parties to refrain from purchasing or transporting crude oil and petroleum-based products from particular countries (such as Russia and Iran) have impacted, and may continue to impact, trade flows and our access to certain business opportunities. There is also ongoing uncertainty regarding the ultimate impacts of recent events involving Venezuela, including with respect to foreign trade and product margins, among others. Feedstock sourcing has also been the subject of scrutiny for certain crude oils we process, and shifting legislative, regulatory, and market sentiment regarding various sources of crude oil supply has previously resulted in adverse consequences with respect to our refineries, such as the denial or delay of permits to construct refinery projects that facilitate the processing of crude oil from particular sources. Similar events may occur in the future. Comparable scrutiny and shifting sentiment have occurred with respect to certain feedstocks for our low-carbon fuels business as described in the paragraph below and in the cross-reference therein. The U.S. federal government under the current administration has also implemented and indicated the potential for new or revised tariffs, duties, sanctions, and other actions with respect to U.S. and foreign trade, manufacturing, and investment, and some foreign governments have in turn implemented or indicated the potential for similar responses impacting U.S. goods and/or foreign operations and business dealings of U.S. companies. While there continues to be a lack of certainty around the ongoing likelihood, timing, and details with respect to the continuation or future invalidation, expansion, revision, or implementation of such actions, as well as the impact of litigation and consequent court orders, such actions have in certain instances had, and could again have, an adverse effect on our ability to obtain optimal or adequate volumes of feedstocks and other critical supplies at favorable prices and costs. Our Refining and Ethanol segments have not been significantly impacted to date by recent U.S. tariffs and foreign duties. However, DGD s foreign feedstock supplies have recently been impacted, and could continue to be impacted, by U.S. tariffs, as well as by many of the other developments discussed in We are subject to risks arising from the Renewable and Low-Carbon Fuel Programs, and other regulations, policies, international certifications, and standards impacting low-carbon fuels. The impacts thereof have been compounded by the fact that U.S.-produced renewable diesel and SAF have recently been subject to duties in several foreign jurisdictions, while similar duties have not been broadly applied to 19 Table of Contents imports into the U.S. of foreign renewable diesel and SAF (as finished products), nor have foreign jurisdictions broadly levied tariffs similar to the U.S. on feedstocks that foreign renewable diesel and SAF producers may import and use to produce such products outside the U.S. These events have at times made DGD s use of certain feedstocks (particularly foreign feedstocks) economically impractical, and resulted in reduced margins, curtailed production, and potentially reduced access to certain product markets due to competitive cost disadvantages, which have had, and could continue to have, an adverse impact on its and our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. Our Ethanol segment relies on corn sourced from local farmers and commercial elevators in the Mid-Continent region of the U.S. and such supply is acutely exposed to the effects that weather and other environmental events in that region can have on the amount or timing of crop production. Crop production is also affected by government policies (such as farming subsidies and the Renewable and Low-Carbon Fuel Programs), and market events (such as changes in fertilizer prices and rail disruptions). Reductions or delays in crop production from these and other events could negatively impact the availability and price of corn for our Ethanol segment, and such events have occurred periodically. We are subject to risks arising from our operations and business activities outside of the U.S. We have operations and business activities, including marketing activities, outside of the U.S., particularly in Canada, the U.K., Ireland, Mexico, and Peru, and are subject to disruptions and developments in or otherwise affecting any of these markets, including due to actual or alleged violations of laws or regulations (such as anti-bribery, anti-corruption, anti-money laundering, and foreign corrupt practices violations); expropriation or impoundment of assets; failure of foreign governments and state-owned entities to honor their contracts; differential treatment or goals of state-owned entities; property disputes; economic or political instability; currency exchange rates; restrictions on the transfer of funds; tariffs, duties, and sanctions; fees; taxes or penalties; transportation delays; import and export controls; price controls; labor unrest; security issues; government decisions (including designations with respect to terrorist organizations), orders, mandates, investigations, regulations, and issuances or revocations of permits and authorizations; global geopolitical and other conflicts and tensions; changing regulatory, judicial, and political environments (such as recent changes in Mexico s federal judiciary, hydrocarbon laws and regulations, and procedures for challenging tax authority rulings); developments with respect to policies, standards, and incentives impacting low-carbon fuels; and other developments impacting foreign trade and related matters (including any de-globalized supply chains or the diversification of historic trade patterns). Such events could result in the halting, curtailing, or cessation of operations at impacted facilities; commercial restrictions; delay, denial, or cancellation of projects, permits, and authorizations; decreased access to important business foreign opportunities and more unreliable supply chains; and increased costs, liabilities, and burdens; among other adverse impacts, and could result in a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. Although we actively seek to manage these risks, we have experienced, and may again experience, certain of these events. We are subject to risks arising from transportation and logistics disruptions and availability. In addition to our own logistics assets, we use the services of third parties to transport feedstocks to our refineries and plants and to transport our products to market. If the ability of the logistics assets used to transport our feedstocks or products is disrupted, or there are increased prices or costs with respect thereto, whether because of labor issues; weather events; dock or port availability; water levels of key waterways for trade; pipeline, rail, trucking, or maritime disruptions; cybersecurity incidents; accidents; derailments; collisions; fires; explosions; natural catastrophes; spills; public health crises; terrorism; hostilities; rate increases; or other government or third-party actions (including protests and human error), 20 Table of Contents it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. Although we actively seek to manage these risks, we have experienced some of these events in the past and could experience additional events in the future. Differences in competitors businesses or resources may at times provide them a competitive advantage. The refining and marketing industry is highly competitive with respect to both feedstock supply and refined petroleum product markets. We compete with many companies for available supplies of crude oil and other feedstocks, as well as for third-party retail outlets for our petroleum-based products, and other customers. We do not produce any of our primary feedstocks (other than DCOs produced by our ethanol plants) and we do not have a company-owned retail network. Some of our competitors, however, obtain a significant portion of their feedstocks from company-owned crude oil production, have extensive networks of retail sites, have different revenue streams (such as from chemicals, midstream, or integrated operations), and operate in different regions. Such competitors are at times able to offset or avoid losses or decreased profitability from downstream operations, or in challenging regions, with such other operations, and may be better positioned to withstand periods of reduced product margins or feedstock disruptions. Some of our competitors also have materially greater financial and other resources than we have and may have a greater ability to respond to the inherent volatility of our industry. We are subject to risks arising from an interruption in any of our refineries or plants. Our refineries and plants are our principal operating assets and are subject to planned and unplanned downtime and interruptions. Our operations could also be subject to significant interruption if any of our refineries or plants were to experience a major accident or mechanical failure; be damaged by severe weather and natural disasters/acts of nature (such as hurricanes, winter storms, and earthquakes); or man-made disruptions (such as cybersecurity incidents, terrorism, protests, or human error); or otherwise be forced to shut down or curtail operations. Any such interruption could materially and adversely affect our earnings (to the extent not recoverable through insurance) because of lost productivity and repair and other costs. Significant operational interruptions could also lead to increased volatility in the price of our feedstocks and many of our products. We have experienced some of these events in the past, and although we focus on maintaining safe, stable, and reliable operations, we may experience additional events in the future. Our pursuit of capital and other strategic projects and actions exposes us to various risks. We engage in capital and other strategic projects based on many factors, including the forecasted project economics; legal, regulatory, and political environments; the expected return on the capital to be deployed; and the anticipated impact to our future cash flows. Such projects can take many years to complete, during which time such environments or other market conditions may change from our forecast, as has recently occurred with certain low-carbon projects in our Renewable Diesel segment. Supply chain or other market or economic disruptions (including inflation) may also delay projects or increase the costs associated therewith. As a result, such projects may not be completed on schedule or budget, or at all, and may not achieve their expected returns, which could negatively impact our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. In addition, challenges to or opposition of certain fossil fuel and infrastructure projects (including pipelines), as well as certain low-carbon projects (such as carbon sequestration and carbon capture and storage), continue to make the approval and completion of such projects more difficult and costly. Certain of these events have resulted in, and could again result in, the cancellation or restructuring of projects, 21 Table of Contents costs and charges related thereto, a decreased market outlook, and/or impacts under our capital allocation framework. We also regularly assess our facilities and operations in light of market dynamics and the regulatory environment and have taken, and may in the future take, strategic actions to optimize our portfolio of assets, including those described in Note 2 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements with respect to our operations in California. While we expect overall positive results from these strategic actions, there is no assurance that the anticipated benefits will materialize or continue. Unforeseen delays, costs, negative publicity, litigation, enforcement, and other difficulties may arise, including in adapting our other operations and fulfilling our contractual obligations, that negatively impact the actual results and execution of such strategic actions compared to our expectations. Such events could result in changes in our financial and accounting estimates and assumptions and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. Our investments in joint ventures and other entities limit our ability to manage risk. We conduct some of our operations through joint ventures in which we share control over certain economic, legal, and business interests with other joint venture members. We also conduct some of our operations through entities in which we have a minority or no equity ownership interest, such as the variable interest entities (VIEs) described in Note 12 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. The other joint venture members and the third-party equity holders of the VIEs have certain economic, business, or legal interests, opportunities, or goals that are inconsistent with or different from our own, have different liquidity needs or financial condition characteristics than our own, are subject to different legal or contractual obligations than we are, and may be unable to meet their obligations, each of which exposes us to risks. For example, while we operate the DGD Plants and perform certain day-to-day operating and management functions for DGD, we do not have full control of every aspect of DGD s business and certain significant decisions concerning DGD require approval from the other joint venture member, including acquiring or disposing of assets above a certain dollar threshold, making certain changes to its business plan, raising debt or equity capital, altering its distribution policy, and certain other transactions. While we consolidate certain VIEs, we do not have full control of every aspect of these VIEs, their debt or financing decisions that are reflected in our consolidated financial statements, or the actions taken by their third-party equity holders, some of which have affected, and could continue to affect, our business, legal position, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. Failure by us, an entity in which we have a joint venture interest, or the VIEs to adequately manage the risks associated with such entities, and any differences in views among us and such third parties, could prevent or delay actions we prefer to take; expose us to legal, regulatory, and reputational risks; and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. Industry, market, and other developments could decrease the demand for our products. A reduction in the demand for our products could result from events and trends such as increases in fuel efficiency, decreases in travel or fuel consumption levels, and a transition by consumers to alternative fuel vehicles, such as electric vehicles and hybrid vehicles, in each case, whether as a result of government mandates, incentives, or actions (including foreign dumping), industry developments, societal changes, or sentiment or perception with respect to our products, or fossil fuels and GHG emissions generally. New developments may alter consumer fuel or energy preferences or make alternative fuel vehicles more affordable or desirable, including improvements in battery and storage technology, increases in driving ranges, increased availability of charging stations and other infrastructure, expanded and more reliable supply chains, autonomous driving capabilities, improvements in hydrogen fuel cell technology, and other technological changes. Any such developments could increase consumer acceptance and result in greater 22 Table of Contents market penetration of alternative fuel vehicles or otherwise decrease the demand for our products. There may also be new entrants into the low-carbon fuels industry or developments by current competitors that could meet the market s demands in a more efficient or less costly manner than our technologies and products. Competition within the global ethanol industry also continues to grow. The demand for many of our low-carbon fuels may significantly decline without sufficient and continued government support and incentives therefor, and if our competitors are able to capture the benefits from such government support and incentives to a greater degree than we are it may place us at a competitive disadvantage. While we cannot currently predict the ultimate form, timing, or extent of these developments, any such event could materially and adversely affect our margins and sales volumes, and in turn our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. We are subject to risks arising from climate- and other sustainability-related advocacy and pressure. In recent years, a number of climate- and other sustainability-related advocacy groups, both in the U.S. and internationally, have campaigned for government and private action to promote various climate- and other sustainability-related disclosure frameworks, actions, and initiatives. As a result, we have faced, and may continue to face, pressure regarding our efforts and disclosures related to such matters (e.g., GHG emissions reductions/displacements and our methodologies and timelines with respect thereto), including through requests by potential counterparties for certain written declarations or representations, negative publicity, special-interest driven stockholder requests and voting, prescriptive proxy advisory firm and scoring agency expectations and policies, and demands for engagement. The methodologies, standards, and requirements for tracking and reporting many climate- and other sustainability-related matters, such as GHG emissions, have not been standardized or harmonized, and many continue to evolve. Our interpretations of various reporting standards may also differ from those of others. As a result, our metrics, targets, and other disclosures with respect to such matters may not necessarily be calculated or presented in the same manner or be comparable to similarly titled measures presented by us in other contexts, or to disclosures by others. We believe that our disclosures and methodologies related to such matters reflect our business strategy and are reasonable at the time made or used. However, as our business, strategy, low-carbon projects, market and financial conditions, and/or applicable methodologies, standards, or requirements continue to develop and evolve, we may revise or cease reporting or using any or all such disclosures and methodologies if we determine that they are no longer appropriate, or we are otherwise required to do so. We may also be pressured or compelled to disclose information that may not be feasible or obtainable. Any actual or perceived failure by us with respect to our disclosures and actions on such matters, including a revision thereto, could cause reputational and commercial harm, and expose us to litigation or enforcement, among other negative impacts. We may incur losses and additional costs as a result of our hedging transactions. We currently use derivative instruments as described in Note 19 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, and we expect to continue their use in the future. If the instruments we use to hedge our exposure to various risks are not effective or expose us to other unexpected events, we may incur losses or charges, and we have experienced such events in the past. We also have incurred, and may again incur, additional costs or charges related to changes in applicable regulations on such instruments. 23 Table of Contents LEGAL, GOVERNMENT, AND REGULATORY RISKS We are subject to risks arising from legal, regulatory, and political developments regarding climate- and environmental-related matters, or that are adverse to or restrict refining and marketing operations. Certain government authorities across the world have, in recent years, imposed, announced, or considered various laws, regulations, policies, and actions designed to facilitate less petroleum-dependent modes of transportation, which could reduce demand for our petroleum-based products and/or all liquid transportation fuels. Such laws, regulations, policies, and actions have in certain instances included increases in fuel economy or efficiency standards; stricter tailpipe emissions standards; low-carbon fuel standards; restrictions and bans on vehicles using internal combustion engines; limitations on using certain petroleum-based products and biofuel feedstocks; and tariffs, duties, and incentives. Under the current administration in the U.S., a number of legal, regulatory, and political actions have been taken or proposed that have resulted in, or may result in, many of these laws, regulations, policies, and actions being modified, rescinded, invalidated, revoked, or eliminated, and others have been delayed or relaxed across the world. However, the ultimate timing and outcome of many such actions are currently unknown and are subject to uncertainty due to pending or future legal, regulatory, and political actions. Certain U.S. state and local governments, foreign governments, and private parties across the world continue to pursue various efforts designed to either directly or indirectly facilitate less petroleum-dependent modes of transportation, or that are otherwise adverse to our industry, including actions and incentives to conserve energy or use renewable energy, as well as those efforts discussed in We are subject to risks arising from litigation, government action, and mandatory disclosure rules related to climate- and other sustainability-related matters, or aimed at the fossil fuel industry. Government authorities across the world have announced, imposed, or are considering (as applicable) taxes or penalties on fossil fuel companies for profits, windfalls, margins, or prices above a certain level, carbon border adjustments, fees, and other regulations that are adverse to or restrict refining and marketing operations, could increase costs, and limit profitability. For example, California s Senate Bill No. 2 (such statute, together with any regulations contemplated or issued thereunder, SBx 1-2) and Assembly Bill No. 1 continue to present considerable uncertainty and risks for us. Mexico has also implemented an informal, nationwide retail price cap on regular gasoline that could be expanded to other fuels, or could become legally binding. These legal, regulatory, and political developments, as well as other similarly focused laws and regulations, such as the California, Quebec and other cap-and-trade programs; the U.K. Emissions Trading Scheme; the Renewable and Low-Carbon Fuel Programs; the South Coast Air Quality Management District s Rule 1109.1 Emissions of Oxides of Nitrogen from Petroleum Refineries and Related Operations; CARB s Control Measure for Ocean-Going Vessels At Berth Rule and its Airborne Toxic Control Measure for Commercial Harbor Craft; reductions in the National Ambient Air Quality Standards; bans or restrictions on certain chemicals, feedstocks, products, or processes (such as hydrofluoric acid alkylation); and other laws and regulations concerning climate- and environmental-related matters (including GHG emissions), as well as health- and safety-related matters (such as industrial safety ordinances), have in certain instances resulted in, and are expected to continue to result in, increased costs and capital expenditures that impact our ability to effectively and profitably operate and maintain our facilities. These include things such as (i) restrictions on certain refinery operations, (ii) requirements to modify our operations or install new emissions controls or other equipment, and (iii) costs to administer our obligations under the Renewable and Low-Carbon Fuel Programs. Such risks remain particularly acute in California. Many of these matters and developments are subject to considerable uncertainty due to a number of factors, including technological and economic feasibility, legal challenges, and changes in law, 24 Table of Contents regulation, or policy, as noted above, and it is not currently possible to predict the ultimate effects thereof on us. However, such events could adversely restrict or affect our refining and marketing operations and limit our profitability; cause us to make changes to our business, strategy, operations, and assets, as well as our current financial and accounting estimates and assumptions; cause a reduction in demand for our products; and result in negative publicity, litigation, and enforcement, each of which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. See also Note 2 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. We are subject to risks arising from the Renewable and Low-Carbon Fuel Programs, and other regulations, policies, international certifications, and standards impacting low-carbon fuels. As described under ITEMS 1. and 2. BUSINESS AND PROPERTIES OUR COMPREHENSIVE LIQUID FUELS STRATEGY Regulations, Policies, and Standards Driving Low-Carbon Fuel Demand , we strategically market our low-carbon fuels based on regional policies, regulations, standards, feedstock preferences, CI scores, and our ability to obtain fuel pathways, credits, certifications, and incentives. A significant portion of our low-carbon fuels are sold in California, Canada, the U.K., and the European Union (EU). Regarding the RFS, in June 2025, the EPA announced proposed rules (RFS Set II) that would, among other things, impose increased RVOs for 2026 and 2027, particularly with respect to biomass-based diesel, while also proposing to (i) reduce by 50 percent the number of RINs that may be generated for U.S. domestically produced renewable fuels made from foreign feedstocks, as well as for imports into the U.S. of finished renewable fuel; (ii) reduce the equivalency values for biomass-based diesel and renewable diesel produced through hydrogenation, which is used by DGD for renewable diesel and SAF production, resulting in fewer RINs generated for each gallon produced; and (iii) partially waive cellulosic biofuel volumes for 2025. In 2025, the EPA also issued decisions on hundreds of small refinery exemption (SRE) petitions that were pending, and granted full or partial exemptions on a majority of such petitions spanning RFS compliance years 2016-2024, which remain subject to ongoing litigation. As part of this action, the EPA also outlined a process for refineries granted SREs that had already retired RINs for compliance to have their RINs un-retired and returned. While RINs for compliance years prior to 2023 have expired and are expected to have little to no value, RINs for compliance years 2023 and thereafter can be used by small refineries granted SREs to update previous compliance filings, which is expected to allow up to approximately 20 percent per compliance year of a particular refinery s RINs to be carried forward into subsequent years. In September 2025, the EPA also issued a supplemental notice of proposed rulemaking for the proposed 2026 and 2027 RFS Set II rules that co-proposes to reallocate to RFS obligated parties (such as us) either 100 percent or 50 percent of the SRE exempted volumes that were granted for 2023 and 2024, as well as those projected to be granted for 2025 as part of the ongoing RFS Set II rulemaking (which would increase our 2026-2027 RVO obligations even further). While the final RFS Set II rules have not been finalized, the EPA s proposals present considerable risks that the final RFS Set II rules could require RVOs for 2026-2027 that are infeasible, significantly impact RIN prices and availability, and adversely impact both our Refining and Renewable Diesel segments. The EPA has indicated it intends to finalize these rules in the first quarter of 2026, but this may be further delayed and subject to litigation, which could also delay the 2025 RFS compliance deadlines and result in additional risks and uncertainty. The risks and uncertainties with respect to the final RFS Set II rules are also interrelated with and compounded by U.S. tariffs impacting DGD s foreign feedstock supplies and several other low-carbon fuels policies, standards, and incentives; and vice versa. For example, for fuel produced on or after January 1, 2026, the OBBB restricts eligibility for the clean fuel production credit to fuels that are derived 25 Table of Contents exclusively from feedstock that was produced or grown in the U.S., Mexico, or Canada, and important guidance with respect to certain aspects of such credits has yet to be finalized. Additionally, in June 2025, California s Office of Administrative Law approved an amendment to the LCFS that seeks to reduce the CI of California s transportation fuel pool by 30 percent by 2030 and by 90 percent by 2045 and imposes a cap on the issuance of credits for biomass-based diesel produced from soybean, canola, or sunflower oil, limiting it to 20 percent of the total credits per producer or importer, updated the model used to calculate CI, and introduced more onerous sustainability criteria for crop-based biofuels. Certain Canadian provinces have also recently imposed requirements under their low-carbon fuels standards or programs that limit the amount of imported ethanol and renewable diesel that can be claimed under the programs, and similar protectionist measures are being considered at the federal level in Canada. Further, effective January 1, 2025, the U.K. imposed additional feedstock and reporting requirements impacting SAF compared to the Refuel EU requirements under the EU Renewable Energy Directive. The combined effects of each of the foregoing present considerable risks and uncertainties. We are also exposed to the volatility in the market price of RINs, LCFS credits, and other credits, as described in Note 20 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. We cannot predict the future prices of such credits, which depend upon numerous factors, including (as applicable) EPA and U.S. state regulations; other U.S. and foreign laws and regulations; the events discussed above with respect to DGD s foreign feedstock supplies; the availability of such credits for purchase; transportation fuel production levels (which can vary significantly each quarter); approved CI pathways; and CI scores. The final RFS Set II rules, the ability to sell E15 fuel year-round, and additional actions related to SREs will likely affect RIN prices, as discussed above. For example, if the RVOs for cellulosic biofuel are high relative to D3 RIN generation, RIN prices may rise, and the EPA may or may not issue cellulosic waiver credits in time to moderate price spikes, if at all. Future RVOs for biomass-based diesel also may not reflect the ongoing impacts of U.S. tariffs, the OBBB, the LCFS, and other low-carbon fuels policies, standards, and incentives on D4 RIN generation. If an insufficient number of RINs, LCFS credits, or other credits are available for purchase (or available only at unfavorable prices), or if we are otherwise unable to meet our obligations under the Renewable and Low-Carbon Fuel Programs , our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity could be adversely affected. Similar events have occurred in the past and may occur again in the future. The Renewable and Low-Carbon Fuel Programs and the U.S. federal tax incentives related to low-carbon fuels (such as the OBBB) are complex, can be subject to interpretative uncertainty, often have different or conflicting requirements or methodologies, and are frequently evolving, requiring us to periodically update our systems and controls for compliance, and imposing strains on company resources. In addition to regulation, many customers demand or prefer that the low-carbon fuels they purchase be certified through various voluntary certification bodies such as the International Sustainability and Carbon Certification system. While such certifications present business opportunities and can enhance product marketability, they also entail additional strains on company resources and risks from the loss or interruption of such certification, including decreased marketability of such products, as well as litigation and enforcement. These regulations, policies, and standards have a significant impact on the m arket prices of low-carbon fuel feedstocks and products, and in turn the margins on our low-carbon fuels. Our low-carbon fuels businesses could be materially and adversely affected if (i) such regulations, policies, and standards are adversely changed or interpreted, unavailable, or discontinued, including due to adverse changes in perceptions or sentiments regarding low-carbon fuels or the feedstocks used to produce them (e.g., food vs. fuel and concerns regarding international supply chains perceived as vulnerable to fraud); (ii) any of our low-carbon fuels products, or the feedstocks used in their production, do not comply therewith, or would result in reduced benefits or incentives thereunder, or (iii) we or an entity in our supply chain are unable to satisfy or maintain the conditions of any approved pathways or certifications 26 Table of Contents thereunder, or under voluntary certifications. Such changes or developments could also negatively impact our low-carbon projects. Certain such events have occurred and may continue. Applicable environmental, health, and safety laws and regulations expose us to various other risks. Our operations are also subject to other extensive environmental, health, and safety laws and regulations by various levels of government authorities where we operate or have operated, including those relating to the release or discharge of materials into the environment, waste management, pollution prevention, air emissions, and characteristics and composition of fuels. Certain of these laws and regulations have in the past imposed, and could again impose, obligations on us to conduct assessment or remediation efforts at our current or formerly owned facilities or third-party sites where we have taken wastes for disposal or where our wastes may have migrated. The principal environmental risks associated with our operations are air emissions, waste handling, and releases into the soil, surface water, or groundwater. Such laws and regulations have also imposed, and may again impose, liability on us for our acts or omissions, or those of others, without regard to noncompliance, causation, contribution, negligence, or fault. Because environmental, health, and safety laws and regulations have become more complex and stringent and new or revised laws and regulations are continuously being enacted or proposed, and are being interpreted and applied in evolving ways, the level of costs required for such matters has increased and may continue to increase. Additionally, many U.S. state and local regulatory agencies have been aggressive in the scope and frequency of, and the magnitude and type of the relief sought by, the enforcement and investigative actions they have pursued under applicable environmental, hea lth, and safety laws and regulations, particularly with respect to fossil fuel companies. This has been especially acute in California. Such enforcement and investigative actions, as well as threats thereof, have resulted in, and could continue to result in, increased costs, expenses, and negative publicity. In addition to U.S. regulations, there continue to be citizen suits seeking to enforce such laws and regulations and various U.S. state and local governments continue to focus on enforcement thereof. Despite our efforts to maintain safe and environmentally responsible operations, in certain instances we have faced, and may continue to face, changing regulatory interpretations, costs, and liability for personal injury, property, and natural resource damage; community impacts; and assessment and remediation costs due to actual or alleged noncompliance, emissions, pollution, discharges, and/or contamination. We are also exposed to potential liability and costs related to regulated chemicals and other regulat ed materials, such as various perfluorinated compounds, per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances, benzene, and petroleum hydrocarbons, at or from our current and formerly owned facilities, and new regulations with respect to certain such materials have recently been adopted or proposed by the EPA and certain U.S. states, and other laws and regulations may continue to arise. Such liabilities and costs could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. We are subject to risks arising from litigation, government action, and mandatory disclosure rules related to climate- and other sustainability-related matters, or aimed at the fossil fuel industry. We could face increased climate related litigation with respect to our operations, disclosures, or products. Governments, non-governmental organizations, and private parties across the world have filed lawsuits or initiated regulatory action against fossil fuel companies. Such lawsuits and actions often allege noncompliance with applicable laws or regulations, or personal injury or damages they attribute to perceived climate-related harms, and seek damages and/or abatement under various tort and other theories, including under consumer protection, human rights, or constitutional provisions. We have been named as a co-defendant in a lawsuit in state court by a county in Oregon seeking significant damages and abatement under various tort theories (including deceptive disclosures). We have also been named as a co-defendant in a federal class-action lawsuit in California alleging antitrust and consumer protection 27 Table of Contents claims related to costs of complying with the LCFS. While we intend to vigorously defend against the allegations in those pending actions, the ultimate outcomes and impacts to us cannot be predicted with certainty at this time, we could incur substantial legal costs and reputational damage associated with defending such matters, and an adverse ruling could require us to pay significant damages. From time to time, we have also been subject to, and expect to continue to be subject to, other litigation related to environmental, health, and safety incidents or other accidents arising in the normal course of our operations. Our industry in particular has been subject to a rising number of lawsuits seeking substantial damage awards in such matters, which have been exacerbated by recent legal, judicial, and jury-related trends in certain jurisdictions where we operate. We have faced, and expect to continue to face, increased risks related to such matters and the outcome of pending or future claims for such matters could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. Governments and private parties are also increasingly filing lawsuits or initiating regulatory action based on allegations that certain public statements and disclosures by companies regarding climate- and other sustainability-related matters are false or misleading greenwashing that violate deceptive trade practices, consumer protection statutes, or other similar laws and regulations, or are fraudulent or misleading under certain corporate or securities laws and regulations. The states of New York and Vermont have also enacted legislation establishing various cost recovery programs designed to upgrade infrastructure and fund community initiatives they designate as purported climate mitigation investments, under which responsible parties, which the programs have deemed to include refiners and other fossil fuel companies, bear the costs on a strict liability basis, and other U.S. states have proposed or are considering similar legislation. Certain governmental authorities have also sought to attribute blame for certain perceived climate-related matters primarily to fossil fuel companies, and some are considering legislation that would create private causes of action making them strictly liable for damages incurred in certain natural catastrophes and weather events. These matters pre