=== VLO_2026-02-25.htm.gz ===
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS LEGAL, GOVERNMENT, AND REGULATORY RISKS We are subject to risks arising from the Renewable and Low-Carbon Fuel Programs, and other regulations, policies, international certifications, and standards impacting low-carbon fuels for more information. In addition, see Note 1 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements regarding our accounting for the costs of the blending programs under Costs of Renewable and Low-Carbon Fuel Programs and Note 20 for disclosure of the costs of the blending programs under Renewable and Low-Carbon Fuel Programs Price Risk. U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) Renewable Fuel Standard (RFS) Program The EPA created the RFS program pursuant to the Energy Policy Act of 2005 and the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007. Under the RFS program, the EPA sets annual quotas for certain classes of renewable fuels that must be blended into petroleum-based transportation fuels consumed in the U.S., collectively referred to as the renewable volume obligation (RVO). Producers and importers of petroleum-based transportation fuels consumed in the U.S. must demonstrate compliance annually by retiring the appropriate number of compliance credits known as renewable identification numbers (RINs) 2 DGD produces synthetic paraffinic kerosene (SPK), a renewable blending component, using the Hydrotreated Esters and Fatty Acids (HEFA) process. SPK is also commonly referred to as neat SAF. Current aviation regulations allow SPK to be blended up to 50 percent with conventional jet fuel for use in an aircraft. This blend is commonly referred to as blended SAF or SAF. 2 Table of Contents associated with each class of renewable fuel to satisfy their RVO. RINs are generated through the production of qualifying renewable fuels. Obligated parties may obtain RINs by blending those renewable fuels into petroleum-based transportation fuels or by purchasing RINs in the open market. We are an obligated party under this program and our Refining segment incurs obligations as a result of being a producer and importer of petroleum-based transportation fuels consumed in the U.S., but we also generate RINs under this program as a result of being a producer of qualifying renewable fuels through our Renewable Diesel and Ethanol segments. Therefore, there is a cost to our refining business from this program because in order to comply with our RVO we must either purchase qualifying renewable fuels for blending or purchase RINs in the open market, but we also generate revenue through our Renewable Diesel and Ethanol segments from this program because we produce and sell qualifying renewable fuels. California Low Carbon Fuel Standard (LCFS) The California Air Resources Board (CARB) adopted the LCFS program to help achieve GHG emissions reductions required by California s Global Warming Solutions Act by decreasing the carbon intensity (CI) of transportation fuels consumed in the state. Under this program, each fuel is assigned a CI value, which is intended to represent the lifecycle GHG emissions associated with the feedstocks from which the fuel was produced, the fuel production and distribution activities, and the use of the finished fuel. The certified CIs for both low-carbon and petroleum-based transportation fuels are compared to a declining annual benchmark. Fuels below the benchmark generate credits, while fuels above the benchmark generate deficits. The lower the fuel s CI score compared to the benchmark, the greater number of credits generated. Each producer or importer of fuel must demonstrate that the overall mix of fuels it supplies for use in California meets the CI benchmarks for each compliance period. A producer or importer with a fuel mix that is above the CI benchmark must purchase LCFS credits sufficient to meet the CI benchmark. Our Refining segment produces and imports petroleum-based transportation fuels in California and thus must blend low-CI fuels or purchase credits to meet the CI benchmark. However, fuels produced by our Renewable Diesel and Ethanol segments have CI scores that are lower than traditional petroleum-based transportation fuels, and we benefit from the demand from other regulated entities for these low-carbon products. Canada Low-Carbon Fuel Programs In July 2022, Canada s federal environmental agency issued the Clean Fuel Regulations (CFR) program to require primary suppliers of gasoline or diesel that is produced in or imported into Canada to reduce the CI of those products. The obligation to achieve prescribed CI reduction requirements began on July 1, 2023. The CFR program is in addition to Canada s provincial programs (such as in British Columbia, Ontario, and Quebec), which require the utilization of low-carbon fuels, and is similar to the California LCFS program. As a primary supplier of gasoline and diesel in Canada, our Refining segment is subject to Canada s low-carbon fuel programs described above and thus must blend low-CI fuels or purchase credits to meet the annual CI reduction requirements of the applicable program. As noted above under California Low Carbon Fuel Standard (LCFS), fuels produced by our Renewable Diesel and Ethanol segments have lower CI scores than traditional petroleum-based transportation fuels, and we benefit from the increased demand for these low-carbon products as a result of Canada s low-carbon fuel programs. U.K. Renewable Transport Fuel Obligation (RTFO) Program The U.K. RTFO program was established to reduce GHG emissions from transportation fuels by promoting the use of low-carbon fuels. Under the RTFO program, suppliers of relevant transportation 3 Table of Contents fuels that are produced or imported into the U.K. are obligated to blend a minimum specified percentage of qualifying low-carbon fuels into petroleum-based transportation fuels annually. Obligated suppliers can satisfy their obligation by redeeming Renewable Transport Fuel Certificates (RTFCs), either generated by the supplier (through blending low-carbon fuels) or purchased from low-carbon fuel suppliers, or by paying a predetermined amount for each RTFC they choose to buy-out of their obligation. As a supplier of gasoline and diesel in the U.K., our Refining segment is subject to the U.K. s RTFO program described above and thus must blend qualifying low-carbon fuels or purchase RTFCs to satisfy our annual obligation. As previously noted, fuels produced by our Renewable Diesel segment have lower CI scores than traditional petroleum-based transportation fuels, and we benefit from the increased demand for these low-carbon products as a result of the U.K. s RTFO program. U.S. Federal Tax Incentives The U.S. federal government has recently made significant changes to tax incentives enacted to encourage the production of low-carbon fuels and/or reduce GHG emissions. Until recently, renewable diesel that was produced, blended, and sold by us qualified for a refundable tax credit (generally referred to as the blender s tax credit) of $1.00 per gallon under Section 6426 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code). In addition, cellulosic ethanol produced and sold by our Ethanol segment qualified for an income tax credit of $1.01 per gallon for second-generation biofuels under Section 40(b) of the Code. The tax credits provided under Sections 6426 and 40(b) expired on December 31, 2024. Effective January 1, 2025, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 replaced Section 6426 and Section 40(b) with Section 45Z of the Code, which instead allowed for a clean fuel production credit for years 2025 through 2027. On July 4, 2025, legislation commonly known as the One Big Beautiful Bill Act (OBBB) was enacted, which resulted in a broad range of changes to the Code, including the extension of the clean fuel production credit through December 31, 2029. Clean fuel production credits may be claimed for the qualifying sale of certain low-carbon transportation fuels (such as biodiesel, renewable diesel, and alternative fuels, including neat SAF) that were produced in the U.S. through December 31, 2025. Under the OBBB, fuel produced on or after January 1, 2026 must be exclusively derived from feedstocks produced or grown in the U.S., Mexico, or Canada in order to be eligible for this credit. The amount of the credit allowable varies based on the emissions rate for the specific fuel pathway and production process and on whether the facility at which the fuel is produced meets prevailing wage and/or apprenticeship requirements for certain activities. Also, for fuel produced on or after January 1, 2026, this credit generally is limited to $1.00 per gallon for all eligible fuels under the OBBB. Finally, the OBBB provides for GHG emissions attributed to indirect land use change to be excluded in determining the GHG emissions rate for transportation fuel produced after December 31, 2025. We expect this will allow much of our corn ethanol to meet the emissions reduction threshold to qualify for the clean fuel production credit. Also, Section 45Q of the Code provides tax credits for carbon oxide sequestration to certain taxpayers who capture and sequester, store, or use qualified carbon oxides (e.g., carbon dioxide). See Notes 1, 15, and 17 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information about these U.S. federal tax incentives. 4 Table of Contents Our Low-Carbon Projects As of December 31, 2025, we have invested $6.0 billion 3 in our low-carbon fuels businesses. Our large-scale SAF production project at the DGD Port Arthur Plant (as defined below under OUR OPERATIONS Renewable Diesel ) was successfully completed in the fourth quarter of 2024. The project provides the DGD Port Arthur Plant the optionality to upgrade approximately 50 percent of its current 470 million gallon renewable diesel annual production capacity to neat SAF. Qualifying sales of this low-carbon jet fuel have generated, and should continue to generate, clean fuel production credits. We continually evaluate federal tax and other incentives and may strategically pursue certain opportunities to optimize the potential benefits therefrom. We also continue to consider investments in economic, low-carbon projects, including carbon sequestration and carbon capture and storage, which are intended to lower the CI of our products. For example, the carbon sequestration and carbon capture and storage projects under evaluation at certain of our ethanol plants would be expected to increase the value of the ethanol product produced at those plants by helping to decrease its CI score and through the expected generation of tax credits for carbon oxide sequestration, when applicable. Several of our ethanol plants are located near geology believed to be suitable for sequestering carbon dioxide, and in 2025 we entered into a stand-alone agreement with respect to our ethanol plant in Linden, Indiana to capture, transport, and store carbon dioxide that results from the ethanol manufacturing process. We continue to evaluate additional carbon sequestration and carbon capture and storage projects. ENVIRONMENTAL MANAGEMENT SYSTEMS We have well-developed management structures that are central to our decision making and risk management, including three programs that support our environmental management as follows: Our Commitment to Excellence Management System (CTEMS) is a proprietary systematic approach to planning, executing, checking, and acting to improve everyday work activities at many of our refineries and plants. CTEMS is structured around nine core elements: leadership accountability, protecting people and the environment, people and skills development, operations reliability and mechanical integrity, technical excellence and knowledge management, change management, business competitiveness, external stakeholder relationships, and assurance and review. Within each element, we have identified multiple expectations to achieve our commitment to excellence. Environmental Excellence and Risk Assessment (EERA) elevates the environmental audit and compliance functions to an environmental excellence vision. Its main goal is to assess the design and effectiveness of environmental performance regarding specific excellence objectives, and to facilitate continuous improvement across our operations. EERA defines more than 100 expectations and involves a proprietary five-step process using due diligence on data and field assessments reviewed by a combination of external and internal subject matter experts. 3 Our investment in our low-carbon fuels businesses consists of $4.1 billion in capital investments to build our renewable diesel business (including neat SAF), and $1.9 billion to build our ethanol business. Capital investments in renewable diesel represent 100 percent of the capital investments made by DGD. See also ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES Our Capital Resources Capital Investments, which is incorporated by reference into this item for our definition of capital investments. 5 Table of Contents Our Fuels Management System (FMS) provides operational safeguards, software, training, and protocols for uniformity across our refineries and plants to reinforce our compliance with applicable fuels regulations. Built on the success of FMS, our Low Carbon Assurance Program (LCAP) was implemented to further delineate and strengthen our internal processes to assure compliance with applicable low-carbon fuels regulations, policies, and standards. LCAP defines key regulatory requirements, management expectations, and internal regulatory assurances relating to transportation fuels regulated by low-carbon fuels regulations, policies, and standards. OUR OPERATIONS Our operations are managed through the following reportable segments: our Refining segment, which includes the operations of our petroleum refineries, the associated activities to market our refined petroleum products, and the logistics assets that support those operations; our Renewable Diesel segment, which includes the operations of DGD and the associated activities to market low-carbon fuels; and our Ethanol segment, which includes the operations of our ethanol plants and the associated activities to market our ethanol and co-products. Financial information about these segments is presented in Note 17 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, which is incorporated by reference into this item. See ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS BUSINESS, INDUSTRY, AND OPERATIONS RISKS Our financial results are affected by volatile margins, which are dependent upon factors beyond our control, including the prices we pay to acquire feedstocks and the market prices at which we can sell our products , Industry, market, and other developments could decrease the demand for our products , The availability and prices of our feedstocks and other critical supplies expose us to risks , Our investments in joint ventures and other entities limit our ability to manage risk , and LEGAL, GOVERNMENT, AND REGULATORY RISKS We are subject to risks arising from the Renewable and Low-Carbon Fuel Programs, and other regulations, policies, international certifications, and standards impacting low-carbon fuels , which are incorporated by reference into this item. 6 Table of Contents Refining Refineries Overview Our 15 petroleum refineries are located in the U.S., Canada, and the U.K., and they have a combined feedstock throughput capacity of approximately 3.2 million BPD. The following table presents the locations of these refineries and their feedstock throughput capacities as of December 31, 2025. Refinery Location Throughput Capacity (a) (BPD) U.S.: Benicia (b) California 170,000 Wilmington California 135,000 Meraux Louisiana 135,000 St. Charles Louisiana 340,000 Ardmore Oklahoma 90,000 Memphis Tennessee 195,000 Corpus Christi (c) Texas 370,000 Houston Texas 255,000 McKee Texas 200,000 Port Arthur Texas 435,000 Texas City Texas 260,000 Three Rivers Texas 100,000 Canada: Quebec City Quebec 235,000 U.K.: Pembroke Wales 270,000 Total 3,190,000 ________________________ (a) Throughput capacity represents estimated capacity for processing crude oil, intermediates, and other feedstocks. Total estimated crude oil capacity is approximately 2.7 million BPD. (b) In March 2025, we approved a plan with respect to the operations at our Benicia Refinery and currently intend to idle the processing units and cease refining operations by the end of April 2026. See Note 2 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information related to this matter. (c) Represents the combined capacities of two refineries the Corpus Christi East and Corpus Christi West Refineries. California Benicia Refinery . Our Benicia Refinery is located northeast of San Francisco on the Carquinez Strait of San Francisco Bay. It processes sour crude oils into California Reformulated Gasoline Blendstock for Oxygenate Blending (CARBOB) and Conventional Blendstock for Oxygenate Blending (CBOB) gasolines, CARB diesel, diesel, jet fuel, and asphalt. Gasoline production is primarily CARBOB, which meets CARB specifications when blended with ethanol. The refinery receives feedstocks via a marine dock and pipelines and distributes most of its products via pipeline and truck. 7 Table of Contents Wilmington Refinery . Our Wilmington Refinery is located near Los Angeles. It processes a blend of heavy and high-sulfur crude oils and produces CARBOB and CBOB gasolines, CARB diesel, diesel, jet fuel, and asphalt. The refinery receives feedstocks via pipelines connected to marine terminals and docks and distributes its products via pipeline to various terminals. Louisiana Meraux Refinery . Our Meraux Refinery is located approximately 15 miles southeast of New Orleans on the Mississippi River. It processes sour and sweet crude oils and produces gasoline, diesel, jet fuel, and high-sulfur fuel oil. The refinery receives feedstocks at its dock and has access to the Louisiana Offshore Oil Port and distributes its products via its dock and the Colonial Pipeline. The refinery is located about 40 miles from our St. Charles Refinery, allowing for integration of feedstocks and refined petroleum product blending. St. Charles Refinery . Our St. Charles Refinery is located approximately 25 miles west of New Orleans on the Mississippi River. It processes sour crude oils and other feedstocks and produces gasoline and diesel. The refinery receives feedstocks via its docks and has access to the Louisiana Offshore Oil Port and distributes its products via its docks and our Parkway Pipeline and the Bengal Pipeline, both of which access the Plantation Pipeline and Colonial Pipeline. We are progressing with a Fluid Catalytic Cracking Unit optimization project at the refinery that will enhance its ability to produce high-value products. This project is expected to begin operations in the second half of 2026. Oklahoma Ardmore Refinery . Our Ardmore Refinery is located approximately 100 miles south of Oklahoma City. It processes primarily sweet crude oils and produces gasoline and diesel. The refinery receives feedstocks via pipelines and distributes its products via rail, truck, and the Magellan Pipeline system. Tennessee Memphis Refinery . Our Memphis Refinery is located on the Mississippi River. It processes primarily sweet crude oils and produces gasoline, diesel, and jet fuel. The refinery receives feedstocks via the Diamond Pipeline, the Dakota Access Pipeline, barge, and rail and distributes its products via truck, barge, the Shorthorn Pipeline, and rail. Texas Corpus Christi East and West Refineries . Our Corpus Christi East and West Refineries are located on the Corpus Christi Ship Channel. The East Refinery processes sour crude oil and the West Refinery processes sweet crude oil, sour crude oil, and residual fuel oil, and both refineries produce gasoline, aromatics, jet fuel, diesel, and asphalt. The refineries receive feedstocks via docks on the Corpus Christi Ship Channel and pipelines. The refineries physical locations allow for the transfer of various feedstocks and blending components between them. The refineries distribute their products via truck, ship, barge, and pipeline. Houston Refinery . Our Houston Refinery is located on the Houston Ship Channel. It processes sweet crude and intermediate oils and produces gasoline, jet fuel, and diesel. The refinery receives feedstocks via pipeline, ship, and barge and distributes its products via pipeline, including the Colonial Pipeline and Explorer Pipeline. 8 Table of Contents McKee Refinery . Our McKee Refinery is located in the Texas Panhandle. It processes primarily sweet crude oils and produces gasoline, diesel, jet fuel, and asphalt. The refinery receives feedstocks via pipeline and distributes its products primarily via pipeline and rail. Port Arthur Refinery . Our Port Arthur Refinery is located on the Texas Gulf Coast approximately 90 miles east of Houston. It processes heavy sour crude oils and other feedstocks and produces gasoline, diesel, jet fuel, and residual fuel oil. The refinery receives feedstocks via rail, ship, barge, and pipeline and distributes its products via pipeline, including the Colonial Pipeline and Explorer Pipeline, and via ship and barge. Texas City Refinery . Our Texas City Refinery is located southeast of Houston on the Texas City Ship Channel. It processes crude oils and produces gasoline, diesel, and jet fuel. The refinery receives feedstocks via pipeline and by ship and barge using docks on the Texas City Ship Channel and distributes its products via ship and barge, as well as via pipeline, including the Colonial Pipeline and Explorer Pipeline. Three Rivers Refinery . Our Three Rivers Refinery is located in South Texas between Corpus Christi and San Antonio. It primarily processes sweet crude oils and produces gasoline, diesel, jet fuel, and aromatics. The refinery receives feedstocks via pipeline and truck and distributes its products primarily via pipeline. Canada Quebec Refinery . Our Quebec Refinery is located in L vis (near Quebec City). It processes sweet crude oils and produces gasoline, diesel, jet fuel, heating oil, and low-sulfur fuel oil. The refinery receives feedstocks via ship at its marine dock on the St. Lawrence River (some of which is sourced from our crude oil terminal in Montreal that receives crude oil from western Canada) and distributes its products via our pipeline to our Montreal East terminal and other terminals and via rail, truck, and ship. U.K. Pembroke Refinery . Our Pembroke Refinery is located in the County of Pembrokeshire in South West Wales. It processes primarily sweet crude oils and produces gasoline, diesel, jet fuel, heating oil, and low-sulfur fuel oil. The refinery receives its feedstocks via ship and barge through docks on the Milford Haven Waterway and distributes its products via truck, ship, barge, and our Mainline Pipeline. Feedstock Supply Crude oil and other feedstocks are purchased through a combination of term and spot contracts. Our term supply contracts are at market-related prices, and feedstocks are purchased directly or indirectly from various national oil companies, as well as international and U.S. oil companies. The contracts generally permit the parties to amend the contracts (or terminate them), effective as of the next scheduled renewal date, by giving the other party proper notice within a prescribed period of time (e.g., 60 days, 6 months) before expiration of the current term. The majority of the crude oil purchased under our term contracts is purchased at the producer s official stated price (i.e., the market price established by the seller for all purchasers) and not at a negotiated price specific to us. 9 Table of Contents Marketing Overview We sell refined petroleum products in both the wholesale rack and bulk markets. These sales include products that are manufactured in our refining operations, as well as products purchased or received on exchange from third parties. Most of our refineries have access to marine facilities, and they interconnect with common-carrier pipeline systems, allowing us to sell products in the U.S., Canada, the U.K., Ireland, Latin America, and other parts of the world. Wholesale Rack Sales We sell our products on a wholesale basis through an extensive rack marketing network. The principal purchasers of our products from terminal truck racks are wholesalers, distributors, retailers, and truck-delivered end users throughout the U.S., Canada, the U.K., Ireland, and Latin America. The majority of our rack volume is sold through unbranded channels. The remainder is sold to distributors and dealers that are members of the Valero family of brands that operate branded sites in the U.S., Canada, the U.K., Ireland, and Mexico. These sites are independently owned and are supplied by us under multi-year contracts. Approximately 7,000 outlets carry our brand names. For branded sites, products are sold under the Valero , Beacon , Diamond Shamrock , and Shamrock brands in the U.S., the Ultramar brand in Canada, the Valero and Texaco brands in the U.K. and Ireland, and the Valero brand in Mexico. Bulk Sales We also sell our products through bulk sales channels in the U.S. and international markets. Our bulk sales are made to various petroleum companies, traders, and bulk end users, such as railroads, airlines, and utilities. Our bulk sales are distributed primarily via pipeline, ship, and barge to major tank farms and trading hubs. Logistics We own logistics assets (crude oil pipelines, product pipelines, terminals, tanks, marine docks, truck rack bays, and other assets) that support our refining operations and export capabilities. Demand for transportation fuels in Latin America is expected to continue to grow. To support our wholesale rack operations in Latin America, we have invested in or grown our access to terminals in Mexico and Peru. Our U.S. Gulf Coast refineries are well positioned to support export growth to Latin America, and all of our refineries with waterborne access are well positioned to support export growth in other countries around the world. Renewable Diesel Our Relationship with DGD DGD is a joint venture that we consolidate. We entered into the DGD joint venture in 2011 and it began operations in 2013. We operate DGD s renewable diesel plants and perform certain management functions for DGD as an independent contractor under an agreement with DGD. See Note 12 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements regarding our accounting for DGD. Renewable Diesel Plants DGD owns two renewable diesel plants. The first DGD plant began operations in 2013 and is located next to our St. Charles Refinery (the DGD St. Charles Plant). The second DGD plant began operations in 2022 and is located next to our Port Arthur Refinery (the DGD Port Arthur Plant, and together with the DGD St. Charles Plant, the DGD Plants). The DGD Plants produce renewable diesel, renewable naphtha, and 10 Table of Contents with the completion of the SAF project at the DGD Port Arthur Plant, began producing neat SAF in the fourth quarter of 2024. Renewable diesel is a low-carbon liquid transportation fuel that is interchangeable with petroleum-based diesel. Renewable naphtha can be used as a gasoline blendstock to produce renewable gasoline or as a feedstock for producing low-carbon petrochemicals that then can be used to produce renewable plastics. These products are produced from waste and renewable feedstocks using a pre-treatment process and an advanced hydroprocessing-isomerization process. Neat SAF is a renewable blending component that, under current aviation regulations, can be blended up to 50 percent with conventional jet fuel to produce SAF for use in an aircraft. The market value of these products can vary based on regional policies, feedstock preferences, and CI scores. Waste feedstocks (predominantly animal fats, used cooking oils, and inedible distillers corn oils (DCOs)) are the preferred feedstocks due to their lower CI scores; however, vegetable oils and other renewable feedstocks are also used. While several other companies have made, or have announced interest in making, investments in renewable diesel projects, the DGD Plants are currently two of only a small number of operational facilities that have the flexibility to process up to 100 percent waste feedstocks, and this feedstock flexibility provides margin opportunities in certain product markets. The DGD Plants receive waste and renewable feedstocks primarily by rail, truck, ship, and barge owned by third parties. DGD is party to a raw material supply agreement with Darling under which Darling is obligated to offer to DGD a portion of its feedstock requirements at market pricing, but DGD is not obligated to purchase all or any part of its feedstock from Darling. Therefore, DGD pursues the most optimal feedstock supply available. The DGD St. Charles Plant has a production capacity of approximately 700 million gallons of renewable diesel and approximately 30 million gallons of renewable naphtha per year. The DGD Port Arthur Plant has a production capacity of approximately 470 million gallons of renewable diesel and approximately 20 million gallons of renewable naphtha per year. DGD s combined renewable diesel and renewable naphtha production capacities are approximately 1.2 billion gallons and 50 million gallons, respectively, per year. The SAF project at the DGD Port Arthur Plant commenced operations in the fourth quarter of 2024. The project provides the plant the optionality to upgrade approximately 50 percent of its renewable diesel annual production capacity to neat SAF. Marketing DGD sells renewable diesel, renewable naphtha, and neat SAF under the Diamond Green Diesel brand primarily to be blended with petroleum-based 