=== SW_2026-03-11.htm.gz ===
Smurfit Westrock plc false 0002005951 Smurfit Westrock plc DEF 14A 0002005951 5 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0002005951 4 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0002005951 3 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0002005951 2 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0002005951 1 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0002005951 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0002005951 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0002005951 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0002005951 ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0002005951 ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0002005951 ecd:DvddsOrOthrErngsPdOnEqtyAwrdsNtOthrwsRflctdInTtlCompForCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0002005951 ecd:DvddsOrOthrErngsPdOnEqtyAwrdsNtOthrwsRflctdInTtlCompForCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0002005951 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0002005951 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0002005951 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0002005951 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0002005951 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 iso4217:USD UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material under 240.14a-12 Smurfit Westrock plc (Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check all boxes that apply): No fee required. Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a6(i)(1) and 0-11. Cover Page Table of Contents Table of Contents A Message from Our Independent Board Chair March 11, 2026 Dear Fellow Shareholder: On behalf of the Board, I am very pleased to present the Smurfit Westrock Proxy Statement and to invite you to our AGM, which we plan to hold in person in Dublin, Ireland. We look forward to welcoming you. The Board also greatly appreciated the strong support you demonstrated for our proposals at the 2025 AGM, and we encourage you to participate and vote again this year. In 2025, Smurfit Westrock made strong progress in establishing a solid foundation for long-term success in what was a highly positive and formative year for the Company. We saw the combined business move from integration to execution, underpinned by a highly experienced executive leadership team. Our culture remains performance-driven and strongly customer-centric, fostering teamwork, accountability and continuous improvement with a strong focus on safety. This culture continues to be guided by our core values of safety, loyalty, integrity and respect, which remain central to how we operate and how we engage with all our stakeholders. The operational and financial discipline of management is clearly evident in the Group s performance for 2025, with strong free cash flow despite challenging market conditions in some countries, demonstrating the quality and resilience of the Company. Reflecting the Board s confidence in the Company s outlook and future prospects, Smurfit Westrock continued to return capital to shareholders during the year through its quarterly dividend and in February 2026 approved a quarterly dividend of $0.4523 per share, a 5% increase on the previous dividend. During 2025, the Board provided oversight in the development of the Company s Medium-Term Plan, which was announced in February, and is intended to guide Smurfit Westrock s decision-making and disciplined capital allocation through to 2030. The plan, which is both ambitious and achievable, reflects management s assessment of the opportunities available to the Company across its integrated global platform. It provides a structured approach to driving improved financial performance over time, while remaining appropriately responsive to market conditions and the broader economic environment. Alongside our focus on governance, the Board, executive leadership and our investor relations team place significant importance on maintaining open and constructive dialogue with our shareholders. These engagements have been instrumental in fostering transparency and strengthening our relationships. As part of the Board s ongoing commitment to effective governance and appropriate Board composition, we have continued to review the size, structure and skills mix of the Board as Smurfit Westrock has progressed from integration to execution, drawing on the insights of the externally facilitated independent evaluation carried out during 2025. In line with our planned transition to a smaller Board, Terrell Crews and Lourdes Melgar will be stepping down at the conclusion of the AGM. I would like to record my sincere thanks for their contributions which have been invaluable in supporting the establishment of robust oversight and governance frameworks for the combined business. During 2025, the Board had the pleasure of visiting sites across North America and Europe, as well as our Global Experience Centre in Amsterdam, Netherlands. I have also just recently visited operations in Argentina and will visit our operation in Chile later this month. During these visits the strength of our operational expertise as well as the energy, commitment and genuine care our people demonstrate in supporting and delivering for our customers was clearly evident. The Board s visit to the Global Experience Centre during the year also gave us valuable insights into how we work with customers to drive innovation for them. Finally, I would like to record my sincere appreciation to all Smurfit Westrock employees. Their dedication, resilience and commitment were evident throughout 2025, as the Company continued to integrate, transform and perform in demanding market conditions. On behalf of the Board, I thank our employees for their outstanding contribution to the ongoing success of Smurfit Westrock. I am also grateful to my fellow Board members for their support and challenge during 2025. Thank you, as always, for your continued support and confidence in our Company. Irial Finan Chair of the Smurfit Westrock Board 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Table of Contents Notice of Annual General Meeting of Shareholders Meeting Location Minerva Suite, RDS Merrion Road, Ballsbridge, Dublin 4, D04 AK83, Ireland Date Friday, May 1, 2026 IMPORTANT NOTICE REGARDING THE AVAILABILITY OF PROXY MATERIALS FOR THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS TO BE HELD ON FRIDAY, MAY 1, 2026 2026 Proxy Statement Notice of Annual General Meeting of Shareholders, our 2025 Annual Report, and our 2025 Irish Statutory Annual Report are available at www.envisionreports.com/SW. Time 10:00 a.m. Dublin Time (Registration begins at 9:30 a.m. Dublin Time) Record Date Tuesday, March 3, 2026 Items of Business Board Recommendation Please Vote To make sure your shares are represented, please cast your vote as soon as possible in one of the following ways: Internet To vote before the AGM, visit the website listed on your proxy card or the notice of internet availability of proxy materials. You will need the control number printed on your notice of internet availability of proxy materials, proxy card or voting instruction form. If you are a beneficial owner and your notice of internet availability of proxy materials does not contain the control number, please contact your bank, broker or other nominee. Telephone Dial the telephone number listed on your proxy card or voting instruction form. You will need to follow the instructions and use the control number printed on your notice of internet availability of proxy materials, proxy card or voting instruction form. Mail If you received a proxy card or voting instruction form by mail, send your completed and signed proxy card or voting instruction form using the enclosed postage-paid envelope. 1 Proposal 1 (see page 12 ) By separate resolutions, elect the 12 director nominees named in the Proxy Statement. FOR Each director nominee 2 Proposal 2 (see page 44 ) Approve, in a non-binding, advisory vote, the compensation of our named executive officers. FOR 3 Proposal 3 (see page 78 ) By separate resolutions, (a) ratify, in a non-binding vote, the appointment of KPMG as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm and statutory auditor under Irish law for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2026; and (b) authorize, in a binding vote, the Audit Committee of the Board to determine the remuneration of KPMG as the Company s statutory auditor under Irish law. FOR 4 Proposal 4 (see page 84 ) Renewal of the Board of Directors existing authority to issue shares under Irish law. FOR 5 Proposal 5 (see page 86 ) Renewal of the Board of Directors existing authority to opt out of statutory pre-emption rights under Irish law. FOR 6 Proposal 6 (see page 88 ) Determine the price range at which the Company can re-issue shares that it holds as treasury shares under Irish law. FOR Thank you for being a Smurfit Westrock shareholder. No matter how large or small your holdings may be, your vote is important to us, and we encourage you to vote your shares in accordance with the Board s recommendations summarized in the notice above. The notice of internet availability of proxy materials is first being mailed, and the accompanying 2026 Proxy Statement Notice of AGM, our 2025 Annual Report, and our 2025 Irish Statutory Annual Report are first being made available, to our shareholders on or about March 11, 2026. By order of the Board of Directors, Gillian Carson-Callan Group SVP Finance Company Secretary March 11, 2026 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Table of Contents Table of Contents OUR COMPANY 2 PROXY VOTING SUMMARY 8 PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS 12 Information Regarding Our Director Nominees 13 Additional Director Nominee Highlights 14 Director Nominee Biographies 15 Director Independence 21 Board Composition 21 Board Qualifications 21 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 27 Corporate Governance Highlights 27 Board Leadership Structure 29 Executive Sessions 29 Related Person Transactions 29 Board Committees 30 Board and Committee Oversight of Strategy and Risks 35 Other Corporate Governance Practices and Policies 37 DIRECTOR COMPENSATION 40 Elements of our Non-Executive Director Compensation Program 40 Non-Executive Director Compensation Table 41 PROPOSAL 2: NON-BINDING, ADVISORY VOTE TO APPROVE NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 44 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 45 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 46 Our Named Executive Officers 46 Compensation Discussion and Analysis Roadmap 46 Executive Summary 47 Executive Compensation Program Overview 49 Our Compensation Decision-Making Process 50 Components of Executive Compensation Program 53 Additional Information 61 Compensation Committee Report 62 Executive Compensation Tables 63 Summary Compensation Table 63 2025 Grants of Plan-Based Awards Table 64 Narrative Disclosure to Summary Compensation Table and 2025 Grants of Plan-Based Awards Table 64 Outstanding Equity Awards at 2025 Fiscal Year-End 65 Option Exercises and Stock Vested 66 Potential Payments upon Termination or Change in Control 67 Service Contracts and Offer Letters 67 Executive Severance Plan 68 Equity-Based Incentive Awards 69 Quantification of Potential Payments upon Termination or Change in Control 72 Pay Versus Performance 73 CEO PAY RATIO 75 Equity Compensation Plan Information 76 PROPOSAL 3: RATIFICATION OF THE AUDITOR AND TO APPROVE THE REMUNERATION OF THE AUDITOR 78 Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm s Fees 80 Report of the Audit Committee 82 ANNUAL IRISH LAW PROPOSALS 84 PROPOSAL 4: BOARD AUTHORITY TO ISSUE SHARES 84 PROPOSAL 5: BOARD AUTHORITY TO OPT- OUT OF STATUTORY PRE-EMPTION RIGHTS 86 PROPOSAL 6: DETERMINE PRICE RANGE OF RE-I SSUE OF TREASURY SHARES 88 BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP 91 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 91 Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 92 QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE AGM 94 Additional Information 101 APPENDIX A: GLOSSARY OF TERMS A- 1 APPENDIX B: NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES B- 1 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Table of Contents Table of Contents **** Forward-Looking Statements. This Proxy Statement includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Exchange Act, including statements concerning expectations, beliefs, plans, objectives, goals, strategies, future events or performance, including regarding our medium-term plan, and underlying assumptions and others. All statements other than statements of historical fact included in this Proxy Statement are forward-looking statements. Although we believe that the expectations and assumptions reflected in these statements are reasonable, there can be no assurance that these expectations will prove to be correct. Forward-looking statements are subject to many risks and uncertainties, including the risk factors that we identify in our filings with the SEC, and actual results may differ materially from the results discussed in such forward-looking statements. We undertake no duty to update publicly any forward-looking statement that we may make, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required by applicable law, regulation or other competent legal authority. In addition, our sustainability goals, if any, are aspirational and may change. Statements regarding our goals are not guarantees or promises that they will be met. In some cases, we may determine to adjust our commitments, goals or targets or establish new ones to reflect changes in our business, operations or plans. Website References. Website references throughout this document are inactive textual references and provided for convenience only, and the content on the referenced websites is not incorporated herein by reference and does not constitute a part of this Proxy Statement. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Table of Contents 1 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Table of Contents Our Company Our Company Smurfit Westrock is a global leader in sustainable, paper-based packaging with extensive scale, quality products and geographic reach and diversity. Our 2025 Financial Highlights $31.2B $4.9B Net Sales Adjusted EBITDA* 15.8% $1.5B Adjusted EBITDA Margin* Adjusted Free Cash Flow* Our 2025 Business Highlights Established a strong foundation for Smurfit Westrock Exceeded our committed synergy goal of $400 million Put in place a series of customer-centric, commercial and operating initiatives Reduced loss-making businesses, rationalized high-cost or inefficient capacity and optimized the portfolio Completed a comprehensive, bottom-up strategic plan *Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA Margin and Adjusted Free Cash Flow are non-GAAP financial measures. See Appendix B on page B-1 for the definitions/ explanations of these measures as well as reconciliations to the most comparable GAAP measures. 2 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Table of Contents Our Company What we do Forest Paper and Board Packaging Recycling All our owned forests and plantations globally are certified according to either the Forest Stewardship Council ( FSC ) or the Programme for the Endorsement of Forest Certification ( PEFC ). We manufacture a wide range of renewable, recyclable, and/or recycled paper and board, with a capacity of approximately 23 million tons per annum. We create, develop, manufacture, and supply paper-based packaging that is designed to promote and protect our customers products. In 2025, we manufactured approximately 220 billion square feet of corrugated packaging and have key supply positions in solidboard, folding carton (consumer), and Bag-in-Box markets. We provide recycling solutions to support the responsible, efficient, and reliable recycling of our customers packaging. We consume recovered fiber across the globe, bringing valuable fiber back into the packaging production loop. Paper-based packaging solutions designed to meet customers product, supply chain, marketing and sustainability needs. As a global leader in sustainable paper-based packaging, we provide an extensive portfolio of solutions ranging from corrugated boxes and folding cartons to Bag-in-Box packaging, all designed to protect and enhance our customers products. Our holistic approach prioritizes the circular economy, supporting customers in reaching their sustainability goals through sustainable, scalable, and efficient packaging. Each product is designed to safeguard, transport, store and promote goods while minimizing waste and reducing environmental impact across the entire value chain. Recognizing the importance and the challenges facing our customers, our approach is both market and data-driven. With an extensive network of designers and 33 Innovation and Experience centers, we are the trusted partner of iconic global brands, solving some of our customers biggest challenges and helping them succeed in their market place. 3 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Table of Contents Our Company Our Global Reach Smurfit Westrock maintains operations in 40 countries, primarily in North America, Latin America and Europe, and with some operations in Asia, Africa and Australia. In North America, we are a leader in corrugated and consumer packaging, containerboard and paperboard. In Europe, we are one of the leading companies by production volume in corrugated packaging, containerboard and bag-in-box, and one of the leading producers of consumer packaging. In Latin America, we are a large-scale pan-regional player in corrugated packaging and containerboard. Our global corporate headquarters are located in Dublin, Ireland, our North American operations are headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia, U.S., our Europe, MEA APAC operations are headquartered in Amsterdam, the Netherlands and our Latin American operations are headquartered in Florida, U.S. ~97,000 40 Employees Countries in which we operate 6 Leading Continents Market position in North America and Europe, with a presence in Latin America Our Geographical Footprint We currently operate 57 paper mills (36 of which produce containerboard only, seven of which produce paperboard only, with six producing both, five producing containerboard and another grade, one producing paperboard and another grade and two producing kraft paper only), 450 converting plants (329 of which convert containerboard into corrugated containers, 84 of which convert paperboard into consumer packaging or manufacture leaflets or labels for consumer packaging, five sack plants and 32 other conversion facilities), 70 recovered fiber facilities, two wood procurement operations in Europe (which together provide raw material for our mills in Europe), two forestry operations in Latin America, 57 distribution facilities in North America, and 30 other production facilities carrying out other related activities. In addition, we have approximately 308,000 acres of forests and plantations, the majority of which are owned in Latin America. These forests and plantations support mill operations in addition to propagating trees for planting. Our footprint allows us to better serve customers in close proximity to our corrugated box plants. Our geographic reach is organized around three segments: North America (including the U.S., Canada and Mexico); Europe, the Middle East and Africa ( MEA ) Asia-Pacific ("APAC"); and Latin America ("Latam"). 4 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Table of Contents Our Company The North America, Europe, MEA APAC and Latam segments are each highly integrated within the segment and there are many interdependencies within these operations. They each include a system of mills and plants that primarily produce a number of grades of containerboard that is converted into corrugated containers within each segment, or is sold to third parties. In addition, the North America segment also produces paperboard, kraft paper and market pulp; other paper-based packaging, such as folding cartons, inserts, labels and displays and also engages in the assembly of displays as well as the distribution of packaging products. The Europe, MEA APAC segment also produces other types of paper, such as solidboard, graphic board, sack kraft paper and machine glazed paper (together known as kraft paper) and graphic paper; other paper-based packaging, such as honeycomb, solidboard packaging, folding cartons, inserts and labels; and bag-in-box packaging (the latter with operations located in Europe, Argentina, Canada, Mexico and the U.S., but managed under the Europe, MEA APAC segment). The Latam segment also comprises forestry; other types of paper, such as paperboard and kraft paper; and paper-based packaging, such as folding cartons and paper sacks. ~308,000 450 Acres of forests and plantations Converting plants 70 57 Recovered fiber facilities Paper mills 5 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Table of Contents Our Company Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability At Smurfit Westrock we are committed to creating packaging solutions that protect what we all care about. We believe this commitment is evident in our culture and behaviors at all levels and across all areas of our business, informing our strategic business decisions and actions, now and into the future. As a global leader in sustainable, paper-based packaging, we are proud to create solutions from renewable and recyclable materials, that help deliver a better future for all. Together, we are committed to being an impactful business and supporting a greener, bluer planet. We understand the challenges facing both our business and the planet and are committed to doing our part in resolving these critical issues. Our ambition is to deliver sustainable growth for the benefit of all our stakeholders based on three pillars: Planet, People and Communities, and Impactful Business. Planet The circular economy has long been at the core of our business. We use renewable, recyclable, and recycled materials to create innovative, sustainable packaging solutions. As a leading consumer of recycled fiber, we play our part in the circular economy by recycling old paper-based packaging. The virgin wood fiber we use is sourced from responsibly managed forests and all our fiber-based manufacturing facilities have been chain of custody certified to internationally recognized standards. We work with our customers to help them deliver on their sustainability goals. People and Communities Having engaged employees is critical for the success of our business. We are committed to providing an inclusive and safe place to work for the talented people in our globally and culturally diverse organization. This commitment also extends to all of the communities in which we operate. Impactful Business Through our activities, we aim to create sustainable value for our customers, investors, employees, suppliers and the communities in which we are privileged to operate. We innovate and partner with our customers to create packaging solutions that can replace less sustainable materials and reduce their carbon footprint. We aim to do this with the highest ethical business standards. We recognize the need for climate-related disclosures as part of our commitment to sustainability and responsible corporate citizenship. We published an overview of our approach to climate risk management as part of our 2024 Sustainability Report which took into consideration the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures. Our 2025 Sustainability Report will be made available on our website in April 2026 at www.smurfitwestrock.com/sustainability. 6 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Table of Contents 7 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Table of Contents Proxy Voting Summary Proposal Election of Directors The Board recommends a vote FOR each director nominee listed below. (Page 12 ) 1 Nominees and Skills Irial Finan Anthony Smurfit Ken Bowles Colleen F. Arnold Timothy J. Bernlohr Carole L. Brown Carol Fairweather Mary Lynn Ferguson-McHugh Suzan F. Harrison Kaisa Hietala J rgen Buhl Rasmussen Alan D. Wilson 8 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Table of Contents Proxy Voting Summary Proposal Non-Binding Advisory Vote to Approve Executive Compensation The Board, upon recommendation of the Compensation Committee, unanimously recommends a vote FOR the approval, on a non-binding, advisory basis, of the compensation of the named executive officers for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025, as disclosed in this Proxy Statement . (Page 44 ) 2 This proposal provides shareholders with the opportunity to vote, on a non-binding, advisory basis, to approve the compensation of our named executive officers for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025, as disclosed in this Proxy Statement pursuant to the SEC s executive compensation disclosure rules. The Compensation Discussion and Analysis and related compensation tables and narrative disclosures set forth in this Proxy Statement describe our executive compensation program, including our pay-for-performance compensation philosophy and key compensation elements. At the 2025 AGM, shareholders demonstrated strong support for our executive compensation program, with over 95% voting in favor, which we view as an endorsement of our compensation decisions and overall program design. This outcome reinforces our commitment to a pay for performance philosophy, as illustrated in the graphic below, which shows the key elements of our President Group Chief Executive Officer s 2025 compensation. 9 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Table of Contents Proxy Voting Summary Proposal By Separate Resolutions: (a) Ratify the appointment of auditor for 2026 (b) Approve the remuneration of auditor The Board recommends a vote FOR the above resolutions. (Page 78 ) 3 Annual Irish Law Proposals In accordance with Irish company law, the following proposals are presented for shareholder approval, as required for Irish-incorporated companies, and are separate from the customary U.S. proposals. Proposal Renewal of the Board of Directors existing authority to issue shares under Irish law. The Board recommends a vote FOR the above proposal. (Page 84 ) 4 Proposal Renewal of the Board of Directors existing authority to opt-out of statutory pre-emption rights under Irish law. The Board recommends a vote FOR the above proposal. (Page 86 ) 5 Proposal Determine the price range at which the Company can re-issue shares that it holds as treasury shares under Irish law. The Board recommends a vote FOR the above proposal. (Page 88 ) 6 10 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Table of Contents 11 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Table of Contents Proposal 1: Election of Directors Proposal 1: Election of Directors The Board, upon recommendation of the Nomination Committee, has nominated 12 individuals to the Board to serve for a one-year term until the next annual general meeting of shareholders. If elected, each director nominee will hold office until the 2027 annual general meeting of shareholders or until their successor is elected or unless their office is vacated earlier in accordance with our Constitution. The 12 directors who are standing for election at the AGM are all currently serving on the Board and are named below and were last elected by shareholders at the 2025 annual general meeting. In addition, Terrell K. Crews and Lourdes Melgar, who each served on the Board since the completion of the Combination, notified the Board that they will be stepping down from the Board, effective at the conclusion of the AGM and, therefore, will not be standing for election at the AGM. As a result, upon the conclusion of this AGM, the size of the Board shall be decreased to 12 directors. The Board and the Company thank Terrell and Lourdes for their service and contributions to the Company during the formative period following the Combination. All the nominees have indicated that they are willing and able to serve as directors. If any nominee becomes unwilling or unable to serve as a director for good cause, the Board may propose another person in place of that nominee, and the individuals designated as your proxies will vote to elect that proposed person. Alternatively, the Board may decide to reduce the number of directors constituting the full Board in accordance with the Constitution. As further described below, all of the director nominees (other than Anthony Smurfit and Ken Bowles) are independent under the applicable NYSE independence standards. The resolution in respect of Proposal 1 is an ordinary resolution that requires the affirmative majority of the votes cast at the AGM, in person or by proxy, with respect to each director nominee. If a director is not elected in a director election, the director shall retire at the end of the AGM. The text of the resolution in respect of Proposal 1 is as follows: RESOLVED THAT, the following individuals be, and each hereby is, by way of separate ordinary resolution, elected to serve as director of the Company until the next annual general meeting of the Company or until their successor is elected or unless their office is vacated earlier in accordance with the Constitution: (i) Irial Finan; (ii) Anthony Smurfit; (iii) Ken Bowles; (iv) Colleen F. Arnold; (v) Timothy J. Bernlohr; (vi) Carole L. Brown; (vii) Carol Fairweather; (viii) Mary Lynn Ferguson-McHugh; (ix) Suzan F. Harrison; (x) Kaisa Hietala; (xi) J rgen Buhl Rasmussen; and (xii) Alan D. Wilson. BOARD RECOMMENDATION 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS The Board, upon the recommendation of the Nomination Committee, unanimously recommends a vote FOR each nominee to serve as director. 12 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Table of Contents Proposal 1: Election of Directors Information Regarding Our Director Nominees Name, Age, Principal Occupation/Experience Director Since (1) Independent Other Current Public Boards Committee Memberships and Board Leadership Irial Finan , 68 Chair of the Smurfit Westrock Board; Former Executive Vice President of The Coca-Cola Company and President of the Bottling Investments Group (a Coca-Cola subsidiary) 2024 Fortune Brands Innovations, Inc. Nomination (Chair) Executive (Chair) Anthony Smurfit , 62 President Group Chief Executive Officer and Director of Smurfit Westrock 2023 None Executive Ken Bowles , 54 Executive Vice President Group Chief Financial Officer and Director of Smurfit Westrock 2023 None None Colleen F. Arnold , 68 Former Senior Vice President, Sales and Distribution of International Business Machines Corporation 2024 None Compensation Sustainability Timothy J. Bernlohr , 67 Managing Member of TJB Management Consulting, LLC; Former President and CEO of RBX Industries, Inc. 2024 International Seaways, Inc. Spirit Airlines, Inc. Compensation (Chair) Finance Executive Carole L. Brown , 61 Former Head of the Asset Management Group for PNC Financial Services Group 2025 None Audit (Chair) (2) (3) Sustainability Carol Fairweather , 64 Former Chief Financial Officer and executive Director of Burberry Group plc 2024 Segro plc Finance (Chair) Audit Executive Mary Lynn Ferguson-McHugh , 66 Former Chief Executive Officer of Family Care (Paper Products) of Procter Gamble 2024 Molson Coors Beverage Company Compensation Finance Suzan F. Harrison , 68 Former President, Global Oral Care, of Colgate-Palmolive Company 2024 Archer Daniels Midland Company Ashland Inc. Audit Nomination Kaisa Hietala , 55 Senior Independent Director of Smurfit Westrock; Former Executive Vice President of Renewable Products of Neste Corporation 2024 Exxon Mobil Corp. Sustainability (Chair) Nomination J rgen Buhl Rasmussen , 70 Former Chief Executive Officer of Carlsberg AS 2024 None Compensation Finance Alan D. Wilson , 68 Former Chairman and CEO of McCormick Company, Inc. 2024 T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. Compensation Nomination (1) Tenure does not include prior service on the boards of Smurfit Kappa or WestRock, as applicable, which are now wholly-owned subsidiaries of Smurfit Westrock following the Combination. (2) Audit Committee Financial Expert (3) Carole L. Brown has been appointed by the Board as Chair of the Audit Committee, effective from the conclusion of this AGM. Prior to that time, Terrell K. Crews, who is not standing for re-election at this AGM, will continue to serve as Chair of the Audit Committee. 13 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Table of Contents Proposal 1: Election of Directors Additional Director Nominee Highlights 14 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Table of Contents Proposal 1: Election of Directors Director Nominee Biographies Set forth below are the names of the nominees for director at the AGM, their ages as of the date of this Proxy Statement, principal occupations, employment and other public company board service during the last five years, periods of service as a director of the Company, and the experiences, qualifications, attributes and skills of each nominee that led to the Board s conclusion that each person should serve as a director: Irial Finan Age: 68 Independent Board Chair Nationality: Irish Director Since: 2024 Committees: Nomination (Chair) Executive (Chair) Background Mr. Finan has been the Chair of Smurfit Westrock since 2024. He is the former Chair of Smurfit Kappa, one of our wholly-owned subsidiaries, a position he held from 2019 to 2024. Mr. Finan was Executive Vice President of The Coca-Cola Company, a beverage company, and President of the Bottling Investments Group, a Coca-Cola subsidiary, from 2004 until he stepped down from the roles in 2017 and retired in 2018. Prior to this, Mr. Finan served as Chief Executive Officer of Coca-Cola Hellenic Bottling Company SA. He joined the Coca-Cola System in 1981 and during his time there he held key leadership roles. Key Qualifications, Experience and Skills: Mr. Finan brings to the Board experience in senior management and executive leadership positions, including finance and global operations. He has significant experience in business integrations, including the establishment of new markets. Other Current Public Boards: Fortune Brands Innovations, Inc. Other PREVIOUS Public Boards Within 5 Years: Coca-Cola Bottlers Japan Holdings Inc. Coca-Cola European Partners plc Smurfit Kappa Anthony Smurfit Age: 62 President Group CEO and Director Nationality: Irish Director Since: 2023 Committees: Executive (Member) Background Mr. Smurfit has served as the President Group Chief Executive Officer since 2024 and director of Smurfit Westrock since 2023. He served as a director of Smurfit Kappa, one of our wholly-owned subsidiaries, and its predecessors from 1989 and as Group Chief Executive Officer of Smurfit Kappa between 2015 and 2024. Prior to this, he served as Group Chief Operations Officer of Smurfit Kappa from 2002 until 2015. He was Chief Executive of Smurfit Europe from October 1999 to 2002 prior to which he was Deputy Chief Executive of Smurfit Europe, and previously Chief Executive Officer of Smurfit France. Key Qualifications, Experience and Skills: Mr. Smurfit brings to the Board expertise in leadership, strategic planning and global manufacturing together with his extensive knowledge of Smurfit Westrock s business, operations and customers. Other Current Public Boards: None Other PREVIOUS Public Boards Within 5 Years: Smurfit Kappa 15 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Table of Contents Proposal 1: Election of Directors Ken Bowles Age: 54 EVP Group CFO and Director Nationality: Irish Director Since: 2023 Background Mr. Bowles has served as the Executive Vice President Group Chief Financial Officer since 2024 and director since 2023 which is in line with market practice in Ireland. He joined a predecessor of Smurfit Kappa, one of our wholly-owned subsidiaries, in 1994 and occupied a number of finance roles in various parts of Smurfit Kappa and its predecessors. He was appointed Group Chief Financial Officer and a director of Smurfit Kappa in 2016, prior to which he was the Group Financial Controller between 2010 and 2016. Previously, he served as Smurfit Kappa Group s Head of Tax from 2007 to 2010, prior to which he was appointed as the Group s first Head of Compliance in 2004. Key Qualifications, Experience and Skills: Mr. Bowles brings to the Board expertise in accounting, finance, internal control, tax, treasury and investor relations, together with his experience as Group Chief Financial Officer of Smurfit Kappa and his leadership in sustainability. Other Current Public Boards: None Other PREVIOUS Public Boards Within 5 Years: Smurfit Kappa Colleen F. Arnold Age: 68 Independent Director Nationality: American Director Since: 2024 Committees: Compensation (Member) Sustainability (Member) Background Ms. Arnold has served as a director since 2024 and previously served on the board of directors of WestRock, one of our wholly-owned subsidiaries from 2018 to 2024. She served as senior vice president, sales and distribution of International Business Machines Corporation ( IBM ), an American multinational technology company, from 2014 to 2016. Prior to that, she held a number of senior positions with lBM from 1998 to 2014, including senior vice president, application management services, lBM Global Business Services; general manager of GBS Strategy, Global Consulting Services, Global lndustries and Global Application Services; general manager, Europe, Middle East and Africa; general manager, Australia and New Zealand Global Services; and CEO of Global Services Australia. Key Qualifications, Experience and Skills: Ms. Arnold brings to the Board global business experience, financial expertise, consumer markets and sales experience, innovation experience and experience working for a company with significant scale. Other Current Public Boards: None Other PREVIOUS Public Boards Within 5 Years: WestRock 16 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Table of Contents Proposal 1: Election of Directors Timothy J. Bernlohr Age: 67 Independent Director Nationality: American Director Since: 2024 Committees: Compensation (Chair) Finance (Member) Executive (Member) Background Mr. Bernlohr has served as a director since 2024 and, previously he served on the board of directors of WestRock, one of our wholly-owned subsidiaries from 2015 to 2024. Since 2005, he has served as the managing member of TJB Management Consulting, LLC, a consultant to businesses in transformation and a provider of interim executive management and strategic planning services. From 1997 to 2005, he served in various executive capacities, including as president and CEO, at RBX Industries, Inc. Prior to joining RBX Industries, Mr. Bernlohr spent 16 years in various management positions with Armstrong World Industries, Inc. Key Qualifications, Experience and Skills: Mr. Bernlohr brings to the Board broad corporate strategy and global business experience. Other Current Public Boards: International Seaways, Inc. Spirit Airlines, Inc. Other PREVIOUS Public Boards Within 5 Years: Atlas Air Worldwide Holdings, Inc. Skyline Champion Corp. F45 Training Holdings, Inc. WestRock Carole L. Brown Age: 61 Independent Director Nationality: American Director Since: 2025 Committees: Audit (Member and Incoming Chair) Sustainability (Member) Background Ms. Brown has served as a director since 2025. She last served as Head of the Asset Management Group for PNC Financial Services Group ( PNC ), one of the largest diversified financial services institutions in the United States, from 2020 until August 2024, after which she was a special advisor to the Chief Executive Officer until her retirement in January 2025. From 2019 to 2020, she held the position of Chief Change and Risk Officer for their Asset Management Group and Corporate Institutional Banking businesses at PNC. From 2015 to 2019, Ms. Brown served as Chief Financial Officer for the City of Chicago. Prior to her work for the City of Chicago, Ms. Brown had a 25-year career as one of the leading municipal finance investment bankers in the country in various roles. From 2017 to 2019, she also served as a member of the Securities and Exchange Commission Fixed Income Market Structure Advisory Committee. Key Qualifications, Experience and Skills: Ms. Brown brings to the Board in-depth U.S. financial knowledge and broad experience in the execution of complex financial and strategic transactions. She also has significant risk management oversight expertise. Other Current Public Boards: None Other PREVIOUS Public Boards Within 5 Years: None 17 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Table of Contents Proposal 1: Election of Directors Carol Fairweather Age: 64 Independent Director Nationality: British Director Since: 2024 Committees: Finance (Chair) Audit (Member) Executive (Member) Background Ms. Fairweather has served as a director since 2024, and, previously, she served on the board of directors of Smurfit Kappa, one of our wholly-owned subsidiaries from 2018 to 2024. She was the Chief Financial Officer and an executive Director of Burberry Group plc ( Burberry ), a luxury fashion house, from 2013 to 2017. She joined Burberry in 2006, and prior to her appointment as the Chief Financial Officer, she held the position of Senior Vice President, Group Finance. Prior to joining Burberry, she was Director of Finance at News International Limited from 1997 to 2005 and UK Regional Controller at Shandwick plc from 1991 to 1997. Key Qualifications, Experience and Skills: Ms. Fairweather brings to the Board global experience in the retail sector and experience as a Chief Financial Officer of a FTSE 100 company. Other Current Public Boards: Segro plc Other PREVIOUS Public Boards Within 5 Years: Smurfit Kappa Mary Lynn Ferguson- McHugh Age: 66 Independent Director Nationality: American Director Since: 2024 Committees: Compensation (Member) Finance (Member) Background Ms. Ferguson-McHugh has served as a director since 2024, and, previously served on the board of directors of Smurfit Kappa, one of our wholly-owned subsidiaries from 2023 to 2024. She spent over 35 years at Procter Gamble, a multinational consumer goods company, where she held a number of senior leadership positions, serving, most recently, as Chief Executive Officer of Family Care (Paper Products) and P G Ventures from 2019 to 2021. Prior to that, between 2011 and 2014, she was based in Switzerland where she held the position of Group President Western Europe and then Group President Europe at Procter Gamble. Key Qualifications, Experience and Skills: Ms. Ferguson-McHugh brings to the Board significant global operational experience and fast-moving consumer goods knowledge. Other Current Public Boards: Molson Coors Beverage Company Other PREVIOUS Public Boards Within 5 Years: Smurfit Kappa 18 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Table of Contents Proposal 1: Election of Directors Suzan F. Harrison Age: 68 Independent Director Nationality: American Director Since: 2024 Committees: Audit (Member) Nomination (Member) Background Ms. Harrison has served as a director since 2024 and previously served on the board of directors of WestRock, one of our wholly-owned subsidiaries, from 2020 to 2024. She served as president of Global Oral Care at Colgate-Palmolive Company ( Colgate ), a worldwide consumer products company focused on the production, distribution, and provision of household, health care and personal products, from 2012 to 2019. Previously, she served as President of Hill s Pet Nutrition Inc. North America from 2009 to 2011, Vice President, Marketing for Colgate U.S. from 2006 to 2009 and Vice President and General Manager of Colgate Oral Pharmaceuticals, North America and Europe, from 2005 to 2006. She held a number of other leadership roles at Colgate beginning in 1983. Key Qualifications, Experience and Skills: Ms. Harrison brings to the Board global business experience, consumer markets experience, innovation experience, and experience working for a company with significant scale. Other Current Public Boards: Archer Daniels Midland Company Ashland Inc. Other PREVIOUS Public Boards Within 5 Years: WestRock Kaisa Hietala Age: 55 Senior Independent Director Nationality: Finnish Director Since: 2024 Committees: Sustainability (Chair) Nomination (Member) Background Ms. Hietala has served as a director and our Senior Independent Director since 2024 and, previously served on the board of directors of Smurfit Kappa, one of our wholly-owned subsidiaries, from 2020 to 2024. She spent over 20 years at Neste Corporation, a producer of sustainable fuels and renewable feedstock solutions, most recently, serving as Executive Vice President, Renewable Products, and as a member of the Neste Executive Board from 2014 to 2019. Prior to her last role, Ms. Hietala served in various other roles at Neste Corporation, from exploration and production and crude trading to leading the strategic review that resulted in the Renewable Products segment. Key Qualifications, Experience and Skills: Ms. Hietala brings to the Board experience in sustainability together with significant strategic and operational experience. Other Current Public Boards: Exxon Mobil Corporation Other PREVIOUS Public Boards Within 5 Years: Kemira Oyj Rio Tinto plc Smurfit Kappa 19 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Table of Contents Proposal 1: Election of Directors J rgen Buhl Rasmussen Age: 70 Independent Director Nationality: Danish Director Since: 2024 Committees: Compensation (Member) Finance (Member) Background Mr. Buhl Rasmussen has served as a director since 2024 and, previously served on the board of directors of Smurfit Kappa, one of our wholly-owned subsidiaries from 2017 to 2024. He is the former Chief Executive Officer of Carlsberg AS, a multinational brewer, a position he held from 2007 until he retired in 2015, having joined the company in 2006. He previously held senior positions in several global fast-moving consumer goods companies, including Gillette Group, Duracell, Mars and Unilever over the previous 28 years. Key Qualifications, Experience and Skills: Mr. Buhl Rasmussen brings to the Board executive leadership experience and expertise in the fast-moving consumer goods sector. Other Current Public Boards: None Other PREVIOUS Public Boards Within 5 Years: Novozymes A/S Smurfit Kappa Alan D. Wilson Age: 68 Independent Director Nationality: American Director Since: 2024 Committees: Compensation (Member) Nomination (Member) Background Mr. Wilson has served as a director since 2024, and, previously served on the board of directors of WestRock, one of our wholly-owned subsidiaries, from 2015 to 2024. He served as Chairman of the Board of McCormick Company, Inc. ( McCormick ), a consumer food company, from 2009 to 2017, and as Chief Executive Officer of McCormick from 2008 to 2016. He joined McCormick in 1993 and also served in a variety of other positions, including as President from 2007 to 2015, President of North American Consumer Products from 2005 to 2006, President of the U.S. Consumer Foods Group from 2003 to 2005 and Vice President - Sales and Marketing for the U.S. Consumer Foods Group from 2001 to 2003. Key Qualifications, Experience and Skills: Mr. Wilson brings to the Board leadership experience, market expertise, and business and governance skills. He also has experience working for a company with significant scale. Other Current Public Boards: T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. Other PREVIOUS Public Boards Within 5 Years: WestRock 20 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Table of Contents Proposal 1: Election of Directors Director Independence NYSE listing rules require a majority of a listed company s board of directors to be comprised of independent directors. To be considered independent under the NYSE independence standards, a director must not have any direct or indirect material relationship with Smurfit Westrock, as determined affirmatively by the Board. In addition, each member of a listed company s audit, compensation and nominating committees must be independent, and audit and compensation committee members must satisfy additional independence criteria under the NYSE and SEC rules. Our Nomination Committee and the Board undertake a review of its composition and the independence of each director annually. In making its independence recommendations, the Nomination Committee evaluates the various commercial, charitable and employment transactions and relationships known to the Nomination Committee that exist between us and our subsidiaries on the one hand, and the directors and the entities with which certain of our directors or members of their immediate families are, or have been, affiliated with (including those identified through our annual director questionnaires) on the other hand. Based on its analysis, the Nomination Committee recommended, and the Board affirmatively determined, that each of the following director nominees are independent under the NYSE listing rules, including, with respect to members of the Audit and Compensation Committees, the NYSE and SEC rules applicable to such committee service: Colleen F. Arnold, Timothy J. Bernlohr, Carole L. Brown, Carol Fairweather, Mary Lynn Ferguson-McHugh, Irial Finan, Suzan F. Harrison, Kaisa Hietala, J rgen Buhl Rasmussen and Alan D. Wilson. In addition, the Nomination Committee recommended, and the Board also determined, that Terrell K. Crews and Lourdes Melgar, who are not standing for election at this AGM, are also independent and that Dmitri L. Stockton was independent during the time that he served as director in 2025. Anthony Smurfit and Ken Bowles are not deemed to be independent under the NYSE listing rules by virtue of their respective roles as officers of the Company. Board Composition Our Board oversees the management of the Company and its business. Among other things, the Board reviews Smurfit Westrock s financial performance on a regular basis at Board meetings and through periodic updates as well as Smurfit Westrock s long-term strategic plans and the most significant financial, accounting and risk management issues facing Smurfit Westrock from time to time. The Board also assesses the performance of the Company s President Group Chief Executive Officer, oversees our processes for assessing and managing risk and engages in succession planning for the Board and key leadership roles on the Board and its committees. Additional information is set forth in our Principles of Corporate Governance, which can be found on our website at https://www.smurfitwestrock.com/about/corporate-governance/policies . Board Qualifications Consistent with the Company s Principles of Corporate Governance and the Nomination Committee s charter, the Nomination Committee is charged with developing and recommending Board membership criteria to the Board for approval, and evaluating the composition of the Board annually to assess the skills, perspectives and experience that are currently represented on the Board. In addition, the Board considers the qualifications that may be valuable in the future and identifies, evaluates and recommends potential director candidates. The Nomination Committee seeks to create a Board that is composed of individuals whose particular backgrounds, skills, perspectives and expertise, when taken together, will provide the Board with a diversity of skills, experience, backgrounds and perspectives to guide and oversee Smurfit Westrock s strategy, operations and management. 21 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Table of Contents Proposal 1: Election of Directors The Board and the Nomination Committee seek candidates who, at a minimum, have the following characteristics with the ultimate selection based on merit: The ability to embrace Smurfit Westrock s values and culture, and the possession of the highest levels of Integrity The time and energy to devote to carrying out their director duties effectively and in accordance with Smurfit Westrock s Principles of Corporate Governance Diversity of skills and experiences that would enable candidates to provide guidance and oversight with respect to the Company s strategy and operations A range of perspectives, qualifications and viewpoints to allow for more informed decision-making The Board and the Nomination Committee actively seek to achieve a diversity of occupational and personal backgrounds, skills, experiences, qualifications, viewpoints and perspectives on the Board. We currently have seven women on the Board and two racially / ethnically diverse directors. All final recommendations and selections are based on merit and the contributions Board members bring or are expected to bring to the Board. The Nomination Committee and the Board assess their effectiveness in this regard in connection with annual Board evaluation process. In 2025, this assessment was carried out by an independent third-party evaluator. See further details on Board and Committee Evaluations on page 38. Generally speaking, the Board does not believe that it should limit the number of terms for which a person may serve as a director of the Company as directors develop significant insights into the Company and its operations over time. The Board also does not believe that a fixed retirement age for directors is appropriate. Rather, the Nomination Committee and Board will take into account the director s age from when they reach 72 in addition to their tenure as part of its assessment of the Board s composition and the qualifications of director candidates as described above. Experience of Director Nominees We believe our director nominees bring a well-rounded variety of experiences, qualifications, attributes and skills, and represent a mix of deep knowledge of Smurfit Westrock and fresh perspectives. The table below summarizes some of the experience, qualifications, attributes and skills as self-identified to us by each of our director nominees. This summary is not intended to be an exhaustive list of each director nominee s skills or contributions to the Board. Further information on each director nominee, including some of their specific experience, qualifications, attributes or skills, is set forth in Proposal 1: Election of Directors Director Nominee Biographies above. 22 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Table of Contents Proposal 1: Election of Directors Skills and Experience I. Finan A. Smurfit K. Bowles C. Arnold T. Bernlohr C. Brown C. Fairweather ML. Ferguson-McHugh S. Harrison K. Hietala J. Buhl Rasmussen A. Wilson Global Business Experience / International Business Experience to help oversee the management of global operations Mergers and Acquisitions Experience / Investment Expertise to provide insight into developing and implementing strategies for growing our business Financial Expertise / Risk Management to help drive our operating and financial performance and oversee and mitigate risks Public Company CEO Experience / Senior Executive Leadership Experience to help us drive business strategy, growth and performance Paper and Packaging Experience to help us deepen our understanding of the markets within which we compete Manufacturing Experience to help us drive operating performance Consumer Packaged Goods Experience / Fast Moving Consumer Goods Experience to assist us to better understand and anticipate our customers needs and the changing dynamics of our industry Supply Chain to provide us with supply chain management expertise Sustainability Experience to assist us in delivering sustainable packaging solutions for our customers and achieving our sustainability goals Strategic Planning to bring expertise in the process of setting goals and creating a blueprint for the Company s future Technology and Cybersecurity to contribute to the understanding and oversight of cybersecurity threats and digital transformation and the impact of AI Corporate Governance to help provide leadership on governance matters 23 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Table of Contents Proposal 1: Election of Directors Orientation and Continuing Education Upon appointment to the Board, all independent directors receive comprehensive briefing documents regarding the Company, its operations and their duties as a director. They are also given presentations by key senior executives, external legal counsel and other advisors. This orientation plan is considered an essential part of the director on-boarding process. New director orientation is tailored to complement the background of the new director. In addition, directors are encouraged to visit our operations and meet with local management and the workforce. For instance, our Board meeting in July 2025 was held in Amsterdam, which allowed the Board to visit our box plant in Soest in the Netherlands and the Board meeting in October 2025 was held in our North American headquarters in Atlanta, which provided the Board with the opportunity to meet employees based there and included a visit to a box plant in Lithia Springs, Atlanta. Ongoing training and development takes place throughout the year with organized sessions and deep dives into specific business, legal and governance subject areas. In addition to the opportunities offered by the Company, all directors are encouraged to undergo third-party training to ensure they are kept up to date on relevant legal developments or changes in best practices. Director Overboarding Policy Our Principles of Corporate Governance encourage our directors to limit the number of other boards on which they serve so as not to interfere with their service as a director of the Company. They also provide that, ordinarily, directors who are executive officers of public companies may not serve on the board of more than one other public company, in addition to Smurfit Westrock s Board, and that other directors may not serve on the boards of more than three other public companies, in addition to Smurfit Westrock s Board. To help the Board monitor compliance with our overboarding policy, directors who are considering joining other boards are required to advise and obtain approval from the Nomination Committee in advance of accepting any such other board membership. Throughout the year, we also monitor our directors time commitments and in considering each director nominee for election or election at the AGM, the Nomination Committee takes into account each director s public company positions and other outside commitments to assess the director nominees compliance with our overboarding policy. In reviewing our candidates for election at this AGM, the Nomination Committee has confirmed that they are all in compliance with Smurfit Westrock s overboarding policy. Director Nomination Process and Succession Planning Our Principles of Corporate Governance provide that each director is expected to stand for election by the Company s shareholders annually. In considering each director nominee for the AGM, the Board and the Nomination Committee evaluated such person s background, qualifications, attributes and skills to serve as a director, as discussed above. For additional information, see Board Qualifications, Experience of Director Nominees and Director Overboarding Policy above. As part of its annual nomination and / or re-nomination process, the Nomination Committee regularly reviews the composition of our Board and assesses the skills and attributes of our directors. The Nomination Committee is responsible for, among other things, maintaining a qualified board to oversee management s execution of the Company s strategy and safeguard the long-term interests of shareholders. The Nomination Committee considers and makes recommendations to the Board regarding the size, structure, composition and functioning of the Board. In addition, the Nomination Committee engages in succession planning for the Board and key leadership roles on the Board and its committees. The Nomination Committee may seek to identify and evaluate potential director nominees. If the Nomination Committee needs to identify potential candidates for Board membership, as part of doing so, the Nomination Committee will consider recommendations from directors, shareholders, management and others, including, from time to time, third-party search firms, to assist it in locating qualified candidates. Once potential director candidates are identified, the Nomination Committee, with the assistance of management, will undertake a vetting process that considers each candidate s background, independence and fit with the Board s priorities. As part of this vetting process, the Nomination Committee, as well as other members of the Board and the President Group Chief Executive Officer, may conduct interviews with the candidates. If the Nomination Committee determines that a potential candidate meets the needs of the Board and has the desired qualifications, it will recommend the candidate to the full Board for appointment or nomination and to the shareholders for election at the next annual general meeting of shareholders. 24 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Table of Contents Proposal 1: Election of Directors Process for Shareholders to Recommend Director Nominees It is the Nomination Committee s policy to consider written recommendations from shareholders for nominees for director. The Nomination Committee uses the same criteria for evaluating candidates regardless of the source of referral. Any such recommendations should be submitted to the Nomination Committee as described in the section titled Other Corporate Governance Practices and Policies Communications with the Board below and should include the following information: (i) all information about the nominee that is required to be disclosed pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act; (ii) such person s written consent to serving as a director, if elected, for the full term for which such person is standing for election; (iii) the name(s) and address(es) for each shareholder of record and beneficial owner of ordinary shares making the nomination and the number of ordinary shares that are owned beneficially and of record by each such shareholder and beneficial owner; and (iv) such shareholder s representation that he or she (or a qualified representative) intends to appear at the meeting to make such recommendation. Please note that if a shareholder would like to also formally nominate directors for membership on the Board, such shareholder must follow the notice and procedural requirements outlined in Article 54 of our Constitution, which prescribes certain timing and nomination requirements with respect to any such nomination (see Additional Information Submission of Future Shareholder Proposals on page 101 for additional details on how to submit a director nominee for our 2027 annual general meeting of shareholders). 25 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Table of Contents Director Compensation 26 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Table of Contents Corporate Governance Corporate Governance Corporate Governance Highlights Smurfit Westrock is committed to governance policies and practices that serve the interests of the Company and its shareholders. Our governance practices and policies are in line with NYSE corporate governance guidelines and UK listing rules, as applicable, and include the following: Director Independence and Oversight Independent Board 10 of 12 director nominees are independent. Independent Board Chair The Chair of the Board is independent. Executive Sessions Independent directors regularly meet in executive sessions. 100% Independent Key Board Committees Key Board committees (Audit, Compensation, Nomination, Finance and Sustainability) are comprised entirely of independent directors. BOARD COMPOSITION AND REFRESHMENT Commitment to Board Refreshment Our Board takes an active role in Board succession planning and is focused on Board refreshment and maintaining a balanced Board with both fresh perspectives and deep experience. Director Selection Process AND BOARD COMPOSITION Our Board has a rigorous director selection process based on merit, resulting in a diverse and international Board in terms of experience, perspectives, skills and backgrounds. Overboarding Policy Our directors may not serve on the boards of more than three other public companies, in addition to our Board, and directors who are executive officers of public companies may not serve on the boards of more than one other public company, in addition to our Board. The Nomination Committee continually monitors compliance with this policy. Shareholder Rights and Engagement Annual Director Elections Majority Voting Our directors stand for election by shareholders annually in accordance with our Principles of Corporate Governance. If a director does not receive a majority of votes cast, such director is subject to retirement and is not able to remain on the Board (in line with Irish law). Plurality voting applies in contested elections. Shareholder Ability to Call Special Meetings Shareholders holding 10% or more of our outstanding share capital have the right to convene a special meeting. No Supermajority Vote Provisions There are no supermajority vote provisions in the Constitution (other than what is required under Irish law). No Shareholder Rights Plan ( poison pill ) The Company does not have a poison pill. Active Shareholder Engagement We regularly engage with our shareholders to better understand their perspectives, and directors are available to participate when appropriate. EQUAL VOTING RIGHTS The Company maintains one class of voting stock with one vote per share. 27 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Table of Contents Corporate Governance Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability Board and Committee Oversight of Strategy, Risk and Sustainability Matters Our Board and its committees provide robust oversight of strategic objectives, risk management and sustainability matters. Sustainability Reporting Smurfit Westrock provides climate-related disclosures as part of our focus on sustainability and responsible corporate citizenship. Our 2025 Sustainability Report will be made available on our website in April 2026 at www.smurfitwestrock.com/sustainability. Other Strong Corporate Governance Practices Board and Committee Evaluations Our Boards and its committees conduct annual evaluations of the Board, Committees, and individual directors. An independent third-party evaluation of the Board and its committees was carried out in 2025. Prohibition on Hedging and Pledging Our insider trading policy broadly prohibits hedging and pledging of Smurfit Westrock securities. 28 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Table of Contents Corporate Governance Board Leadership Structure Our Board annually reviews its leadership structure to evaluate whether the structure remains appropriate for Smurfit Westrock. Our Board believes that presently it is in the best interests of the Company to have an independent director serve as the Board Chair. Mr. Finan has served as the independent Board Chair since 2024. As an independent Board Chair, in addition to serving as liaison between the Board and management, Mr. Finan sets the agendas for and also chairs executive sessions of independent directors. He is also available for consultation and communication with major shareholders upon request. In addition, the Board designated and appointed Ms. Kaisa Hietala to serve as the Senior Independent Director of the Board (the Senior Independent Director ) as required under, and in compliance with, certain UK listing rules requirements. The Senior Independent Director provides a sounding board for the Board Chair, serves as an intermediary for the other directors when necessary, chairs Board meetings in the absence of the Board Chair, if requested by the Board Chair or the Board and is also available for consultation and communication with major shareholders upon request. Our Board believes that this continues to be the appropriate Board leadership structure for us at this time. Separating the roles of the Board Chair and President Group Chief Executive Officer enables our Board Chair to focus on leading the Board in carrying out its oversight and corporate governance responsibilities and our President Group Chief Executive Officer to focus on leading the Company s business and executing on its strategy, plans and initiatives. In addition, the Senior Independent Director is there to support the Board Chair in providing additional independent oversight. Our Principles of Corporate Governance provide that, if at any time when the Board Chair is not an independent director, unless the independent directors and / or the Board otherwise determine, the Senior Independent Director will also serve as the lead independent director for a period of at least one year with certain specified responsibilities. Mr. Bowles, Executive Vice President Group Chief Financial Officer is also a director of the Board. His Board service is in line with market practice in Ireland for a Chief Financial Officer of an Irish public company. Shareholder support for Mr. Bowles has been overwhelmingly strong, with approximately 99% of votes cast in favor of his election at the AGM in 2025. Mr. Bowles is an experienced Board director having served on the board of directors of Smurfit Kappa since 2016. His insights continue to be invaluable in evaluating strategic decisions, assessing the financial health of Smurfit Westrock and enhancing the Board s understanding of value creation without undermining the Board's overall independence or rigor of the Board s oversight of the Company s finances and its reporting. The Board s current leadership structure facilitates robust communications between management and the Board and provides effective oversight by independent directors, including oversight of risks. Accordingly, the Board believes that its risk management processes are well supported by the current Board leadership structure. Executive Sessions The independent directors generally have the opportunity to meet in executive sessions without management present at every regular Board meeting. The purpose of these executive sessions is to encourage and enhance communication among independent directors. Mr. Finan, our independent Board Chair, presides at executive sessions of independent directors. Related Person Transactions Related Person Transactions Policy Our Board adopted a written policy (the Related Person Transaction Policy ) regarding the review, approval or disapproval by our Audit Committee of transactions between us or any of our subsidiaries and any related person (defined to include our executive officers, directors or director nominees, any shareholder beneficially owning in excess of 5% of ordinary shares, and any immediate family member of any of the foregoing persons or any firm, corporation or other entity in which any of the foregoing persons is employed or is a general partner or principal or in a similar position or in which such person has a 10% or greater beneficial ownership interest) in which the amount involved since the beginning of our last completed fiscal year will or may be expected to exceed $120,000 and in which one or more of such related persons has a direct or indirect material interest. In addition, the Related Person Transaction Policy includes a list of certain transactions that are deemed pre-approved under the policy, such as compensation for services of NEOs or Board members. In approving or rejecting any related person transaction, our Audit Committee will consider the relevant facts and circumstances available and deemed relevant to the Audit Committee. Any Board member who is a related person with respect to a transaction under review by the Audit Committee will not be permitted to participate in the deliberations or vote on approval, ratification, or disapproval of the transaction. 29 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Table of Contents Corporate Governance Related Person Transactions Except as otherwise noted below, since January 1, 2025, the Company has not been a participant in any transaction, and is not a participant in any currently proposed transaction, in which any related person had or will have a direct or indirect material interest that would require disclosure under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K. Whakatane Mill, which is owned by Power Paperboard Limited, had been an ordinary course supplier of paperboard to WestRock prior to the Combination of WestRock and Smurfit Kappa. Since the Combination, Whakatane Mill has continued to supply paperboard in the ordinary course of business to the now combined company, with Smurfit Westrock purchasing $14.6 million worth of paperboard from Whakatane Mill beginning with the Combination through to the Latest Practicable Date for this Proxy Statement. The father of our Chief Executive Officer holds an 18% beneficial ownership interest in Power Paperboard Limited and his brother serves as a non-executive director of that company, and the supply from Whakatane Mill following the Combination is therefore a related person transaction for the purposes of our Related Party Policy. In reviewing and approving this interested transaction, the Audit Committee considered, among other things, the ordinary course nature of the transaction, its existence before WestRock was combined with Smurfit Kappa and that the terms of the transaction are no less favorable than those generally available to an unaffiliated third party under the same or similar circumstances. Board Committees Our Board has a separately designated Audit Committee, Compensation Committee, Nomination Committee, Finance Committee and Sustainability Committee, each of which is comprised solely of independent directors as required under the applicable NYSE listing rules and, if applicable, SEC rules, with the membership and responsibilities of each committee summarized and described below. The Board reviews committee memberships annually. In addition, our Board has a separate Executive Committee, the primary purpose of which is to aid the Board in handling matters which, in the opinion of the Board Chair, should not be postponed until the next scheduled meeting of the Board. Members serve on these committees until their successors are duly elected and qualified or until their earlier resignation or removal and may be removed or replaced, with or without cause, by the Board at any time. Each of these committees is empowered to retain outside advisors as it deems appropriate, regularly reports its activities to the full Board and has a written charter, which is posted on our website located at https://www.smurfitwestrock.com/about/corporate-governance/board-committees . 30 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Table of Contents Corporate Governance The membership of each of the Board committees as of the date of this Proxy Statement, including the number of Board committee meetings held in the fiscal year December 31, 2025, are set forth in the table below: Committees Board Member Audit Compensation Nomination Finance Sustainability Executive Irial Finan Anthony Smurfit Ken Bowles Colleen F. Arnold Timothy J. Bernlohr Carole L. Brown (1) Terrell K. Crews (2) Carol Fairweather Mary Lynn Ferguson-McHugh Suzan F. Harrison Kaisa Hietala Lourdes Melgar (2) J rgen Buhl Rasmussen Alan D. Wilson Number of Meetings (January 1, 2025 - December 31, 2025) 9 6 6 5 5 0 Chair Member Audit Committee Financial Expert (1) Carole L. Brown joined the Board in March 2025. Carole will take up the position of Chair of the Audit Committee at the conclusion of this AGM. (2) Terrell K. Crews and Lourdes Melgar are not standing for election at this AGM and will no longer be serving on any committees of the Board as of the conclusion of this AGM. 31 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Table of Contents Corporate Governance A description of each of our standing committees as of the date of this Proxy Statement, together with its primary responsibilities, is provided below: Audit Committee Terrell K. Crews (Chair) The Audit Committee consists of Terrell K. Crews (Chair) (who is stepping down from the Board and its committees at the conclusion of this AGM) Carole L. Brown (who is taking up the position of Chair of this committee at the conclusion of this AGM) Carol Fairweather Suzan F. Harrison Lourdes Melgar (who is stepping down from the Board and its committees at the conclusion of this AGM) The primary responsibilities of our Audit Committee are to assist the Board in its oversight of: the quality and integrity of the consolidated financial statements of Smurfit Westrock and its subsidiaries and related disclosure; the qualifications, independence and performance of Smurfit Westrock s independent registered public accounting firm and statutory auditor under Irish law; the performance of Smurfit Westrock s internal audit function; Smurfit Westrock s systems of disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls over financial reporting; compliance by Smurfit Westrock and its subsidiaries with all legal and regulatory requirements; and the Company s practices with respect to risk assessment and risk management, including risks related to the Company s financial statements and financial reporting processes as well as information technology, data privacy and cybersecurity, in coordination with other committees of the Board, if and as applicable. The Board has determined that each member of the Audit Committee meets the financial literacy, heightened independence and accounting or auditing requirements of the SEC, the Irish Companies Act and the NYSE, as applicable to audit committee members, and that each of Terrell K. Crews and Carole L. Brown also qualifies as an audit committee financial expert for purposes of SEC rules. 32 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Table of Contents Corporate Governance Compensation Committee Timothy J. Bernlohr (Chair) The Compensation Committee consists of Timothy J. Bernlohr (Chair) Colleen F. Arnold Mary Lynn Ferguson-McHugh J rgen Buhl Rasmussen Alan D. Wilson The primary responsibilities of our Compensation Committee are to: oversee the Company s overall compensation philosophy, policies and programs, and assess whether the Company s compensation philosophy establishes appropriate incentives for management and employees; review and approve corporate goals and objectives relevant to the compensation of the President Group Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ), evaluate the CEO s performance in light of those goals and objectives, and set the CEO s compensation level based on this evaluation; in conjunction with the CEO, evaluate the performance of other executives, and set the compensation levels of other executives based on this evaluation and upon the recommendation of the CEO; annually review the form and amount of compensation of directors for service on the Board and its committees and recommend changes in such compensation to the Board as appropriate; and annually oversee the assessment of the risks related to the Company s compensation policies and programs applicable to officers and employees and review the results of this assessment. The Compensation Committee may delegate its authority to one or more subcommittees or to one member of the Compensation Committee. The Compensation Committee may also delegate authority to review and approve the compensation of our employees to certain of our executive officers. The Compensation Committee has the authority to engage outside advisors, such as compensation consultants, to assist it in carrying out its responsibilities. During 2025, the Compensation Committee maintained its ongoing engagement of Semler Brossy as an independent compensation consultant. Semler Brossy provided guidance with respect to director and executive compensation, compensation peer group, incentive design and incentive goals. Semler Brossy reports directly to the Company s Compensation Committee. The Compensation Committee reviewed the independence of Semler Brossy and concluded that Semler Brossy is independent and that their work has not raised any conflict of interest. In reaching this conclusion, the Compensation Committee considered factors relevant to the consultant s independence, including the six factors set forth in the NYSE listing standards. The Board has determined that each member of the Compensation Committee meets the independence requirements of the SEC, including under Section 16, and heightened NYSE independence requirements applicable to compensation committee members. 33 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Table of Contents Corporate Governance Nomination Committee Irial Finan (Chair) The Nomination Committee consists of Irial Finan (Chair) Suzan F. Harrison Kaisa Hietala Alan D. Wilson The primary responsibilities of our Nomination Committee are to: assist the Board in identifying and recommending individuals qualified to become members of the Board; evaluate the composition, size and governance of the Board and its committees; review the Principles of Corporate Governance and make recommendations to the Board regarding possible changes; assess the qualifications, contributions and independence of director candidates and incumbent directors in determining whether to recommend them for election or reelection to the Board; and discuss and make recommendations to the Board regarding succession planning for the Board and key leadership roles on the Board and its committees. Finance Committee Carol Fairweather (Chair) The Finance Committee consists of Carol Fairweather (Chair) Timothy J. Bernlohr Terrell K. Crews (who is stepping down from the Board and its committees at the conclusion of this AGM) Mary Lynn Ferguson-McHugh J rgen Buhl Rasmussen The primary responsibilities of our Finance Committee are to: review the Company s proposed capital budget and make recommendations to the Board as to whether to approve the proposed capital budget; review and make recommendations to the Board regarding approval of capital expenditure projects and acquisitions within Board approved limits, where appropriate and not within the purview of another committee of the Board; review management s assessment of the Company s capital structure, including dividend policies and stock repurchase programs, debt capacity and liquidity; review financing and liquidity initiatives proposed by management for Board action; and review and monitor the Company s debt ratings. 34 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Table of Contents Corporate Governance Sustainability Committee Kaisa Hietala (Chair) The Sustainability Committee consists of Kaisa Hietala (Chair) Colleen F. Arnold Carole L. Brown Lourdes Melgar (who is stepping down from the Board and its committees at the conclusion of this AGM) The primary responsibilities of our Sustainability Committee are to: provide strategic guidance and support to the Board in the implementation of the sustainability strategy of the Company; monitor and review current and emerging trends, relevant international standards and legislative requirements related to the Company s sustainability strategy; review the Company s sustainability reporting strategy; oversee the Company s strategies and policies related to human capital management with respect to matters such as belonging, workplace environment and culture; and review the Company s sustainability-related risks and the Company s reporting of sustainability and climate-related disclosures, including under various applicable reporting regimes. Board and Committee Oversight of Strategy and Risks Oversight of Strategy The Board is responsible for providing governance and oversight over the strategy, operations and management of Smurfit Westrock. Acting as a full Board and through the Board s six committees, the Board is involved in the Company s strategic planning process. The Board is continually engaged in providing oversight and independent business judgment on the strategic issues that are most important to the Company. Oversight of Risks, Including Information Technology and Cybersecurity Risks Risk management is an important part of establishing and executing on the Company s business strategy. The Board has overall responsibility for Smurfit Westrock s system of risk management and internal control and for monitoring and reviewing its effectiveness, in order to safeguard shareholders investments and Smurfit Westrock s assets. Our Board and its committees receive regular reports from members of the Company s senior management on areas of material risk to the Company, including strategic, operational, financial, legal and regulatory risks, and the Committee chairs provide regular reports to the full Board on relevant areas of oversight, as summarized above. The Company s risk register process is based upon a standardized approach to risk identification, assessment and review with a clear focus on mitigating factors and assignment of responsibility to risk owners. The risk register is updated, as needed, to reflect any significant changes. The risk register is then reviewed by the Audit Committee and the Board. In addition, emerging risks are considered as part of the risk process. All identified emerging risks are monitored and reported to the Audit Committee and the Board. Please see the following page for an outline of the Board and its Committees oversight of risk. Management Oversight of Sustainability Our President Group Chief Executive Officer, as part of his overall responsibility for the day-to-day oversight of the Company s business and the implementation of the Company strategy and policies and as part of his role on the Board as a management director, is directly responsible for actions governing sustainability, including areas such as climate change. The Board delegated oversight of sustainability to the Sustainability Committee, as summarized above. 35 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Table of Contents Corporate Governance BOARD OF DIRECTORS Risk management is an important part of establishing and executing on the Company s business strategy. The Board has overall responsibility for Smurfit Westrock s system of risk management and internal control and for monitoring and reviewing its effectiveness, in order to safeguard shareholders investments and Smurfit Westrock s assets. The Board recognizes that it is neither possible nor desirable to eliminate all risk, but rather the Board views appropriate risk taking as essential to our long-term success. The Board, as a whole and at its Committee level, focuses its oversight on the most significant risks facing the Company and its processes to identify, prioritize, assess, manage and mitigate those risks. Risk assessment and evaluation is an integral part of the management process throughout Smurfit Westrock. Risks are identified and evaluated, and appropriate risk management strategies are implemented at each level. The Audit Committee and the Board, in conjunction with senior management, review the key business risks faced by Smurfit Westrock and determine the appropriate course of action to manage these risks. The Audit Committee is responsible for reviewing the effectiveness of Smurfit Westrock s system of internal control including risk management on behalf of the Board and reports to the Board on all significant matters. In addition, the Committees oversee specific risks within their purview, as follows: AUDIT COMMITTEE The Audit Committee has overall responsibility for overseeing the Company s practices with respect to risk assessment and management. Additionally, the committee is responsible for overseeing management of risks related to our financial statements and financial reporting processes, compliance, information technology, data privacy and cybersecurity. It also oversees compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, including reviewing the effectiveness of compliance programs with our Group General Counsel, who has authority to communicate directly with the committee and is also currently functioning as the Company s Chief Ethics and Compliance Officer. In addition, the Audit Committee, as well as the Board of Directors, receive regular reports from officers with responsibilities for cybersecurity. For additional information on cybersecurity risk oversight, please see Item 1C included in our Annual Report. COMPENSATION COMMITTEE The Compensation Committee is responsible for overseeing management of risks related to our compensation policies and programs applicable to officers and employees. NOMINATION COMMITTEE The Nomination Committee is responsible for overseeing management of risks related to director succession planning and corporate governance. SUSTAINABILITY COMMITTEE The Sustainability Committee is responsible for reviewing the sustainability and climate risks and opportunities of the Company on a periodic basis, including consideration of emerging trends and mitigating action. FINANCE COMMITTEE The Finance Committee is responsible for reviewing risks associated with our financial management and resources and financial strategy initiatives. 36 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Table of Contents Corporate Governance Risk Management Framework Smurfit Westrock s enterprise risk management ( ERM ) program facilitates the identification, assessment, prioritization, and management of risks. Risk management is owned by management at each reporting level and is evaluated and reviewed on a continual basis. Our risk management framework is embedded within our organizational structure, comprising: operational management, who have responsibility for identifying, managing and mitigating risk within their local operations on a day-to-day basis; country and divisional management, who are responsible for oversight and monitoring; subject matter experts and senior management, who are also responsible for oversight together with the identification, management and mitigation of risks. Internal audit acts as an independent assurance provider over certain principal risks. For more information on risks that affect our business, please see our most recent Annual Report and other filings we make with the SEC. Compensation Risk Oversight and Assessment As mentioned above, the Compensation Committee is responsible for overseeing management of risks related to our compensation policies and programs. In 2025, Semler Brossy, the Compensation Committee s independent compensation consultant, supported the Compensation Committee in conducting its risk assessment of our incentive compensation plans and practices. As a result of this analysis, as well as the Compensation Committee s regular review of compensation policies and practices, the Compensation Committee has concluded that our compensation programs do not create risks that are reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the Company. Other Corporate Governance Practices and Policies Director Attendance In 2025, the Board met nine times and the Board committees each met the number of times summarized in the chart under the heading Board Committees on page 31. In 2025, each member of the Board attended at least 75% of the aggregate number of meetings of the Board and the committees on which they served during the period in which they were on the Board or committee. 12 of our 14 directors then serving attended the 2025 annual general meeting of shareholders. Directors are expected to attend annual general meetings of shareholders absent unusual circumstances. Shareholder Engagement At Smurfit Westrock, we place significant importance on maintaining open and constructive dialogue with our shareholders. Since the successful completion of the Combination, our executives and investor relations team have continued to actively engage with investors to provide updates on our progress and gather valuable feedback. During 2025, we met with more than 450 equity investors representing approximately 300 investment firms and over 60% of our issued share capital. These engagements were instrumental in fostering transparency and strengthening our relationships with our investors. 37 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Table of Contents Corporate Governance The primary topics of discussion during these meetings included: Unlocking Shareholder Value: We highlighted our decentralized operating model, which emphasizes a commercial approach built on delivering value for the customer over volume, coupled with market-leading innovation capabilities that position us to deliver long-term shareholder value. Commercial Approach and Operational Efficiencies: Discussions focused on opportunities to drive further margin enhancing operational improvements. Quality of the Combined Asset Base and Management Team: Shareholders expressed interest in the strategic advantages offered by our enhanced product portfolio, the quality of the asset base and the strength and track record of our experienced management team. Management Succession Planning Smurfit Westrock seeks to identify candidates for management succession with the experience and skills needed to serve our customers and to develop the strategy and manage the operations of the Company, and who also exemplify the Company s leadership values. As described in the Company s Principles of Corporate Governance, the Nomination Committee is responsible for oversight of succession planning for certain senior management positions. At least annually, the Nomination Committee reviews with the Board, succession planning and management development, including recommendations and evaluations of potential successors to fill the role of the President Group Chief Executive Officer and other executive and senior management positions. The succession planning process includes consideration of both ordinary course succession, in the event of planned promotions and retirements, and planning for situations where the President Group Chief Executive Officer or another executive or member of senior management unexpectedly becomes unable to perform the duties of their position. Annual Evaluations The Board is committed to maintaining a rigorous evaluation process as a key mechanism for promoting effectiveness, accountability, and continual improvement. The Nomination Committee is responsible for developing and overseeing processes for conducting evaluations of the Board and its committees. Each year, a comprehensive evaluation of Board performance, that of its committees, and of individual directors, is conducted while also assessing the Board s collective skills and experience. The Audit, Nomination, Compensation, Sustainability, and Finance committees each conduct annual evaluations to assess their performance. Summaries of the evaluations are provided to the Board, committee chairs and management members, as applicable. Each committee reviews its evaluation results separately and the Board considers the overall evaluation of the Board and its committees. Policies and practices are updated as appropriate as a result of the director feedback. In addition, the director feedback is considered when determining future board meeting agenda items and director training sessions. 2025 Board and Committee Evaluations The 2025 Board and committee evaluation was externally facilitated by an independent third-party firm. The evaluation process included observation of Board and committee meetings, a review of Board materials and key governance documents, and interviews with each Director as well as selected members of senior management. Among other areas, the evaluation focused the overall composition of the Board and its Committees, the culture of the Board and the structure, cadence and processes in place. The external evaluator presented the outcome of the evaluation to the Board in early 2026. The report summarized key themes, feedback, and observations for consideration by the Board. 38 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Table of Contents Corporate Governance Overall, the evaluation concluded that the Board and its committees were operating effectively and had quickly established a cohesive, engaged, and high-performing governance structure in the period following the Combination. Communications with the Board Shareholders and other interested parties may communicate with our Board or a particular director, including the Board Chair, by sending a letter addressed to the Board, the Board Chair or a particular director to our Group Company Secretary at Beech Hill, Clonskeagh, Dublin 4, D04 N2R2, Ireland. These communications will be compiled and reviewed by our Group Company Secretary, who will determine whether the communication is appropriate for presentation to the Board or the particular director. The purpose of this screening is to allow the Board to avoid having to consider irrelevant or inappropriate communications (such as advertisements, solicitations or junk mail). Code of Conduct Our Board has adopted the Code of Conduct (the Code of Conduct ), which is applicable to all employees and all directors as well as the Code of Ethical Conduct for Directors and Senior Financial Officers (the Code of Ethics ), which is applicable to our directors and our senior financial officers as well as any other senior executive who may be specifically designated from time to time by the President Group Chief Executive Officer (the Code of Conduct and the Code of Ethics together, the Codes ). The Codes are available at https://www.smurfitwestrock.com/about/corporate-governance/policies . To the extent required by the rules of the NYSE and/or the SEC, Smurfit Westrock intends to disclose amendments to and waivers of the Codes applicable to executive officers and directors, if any, on that website within four business days following the date of any such amendment or waiver. Securities and Insider Trading Policy The Company has in place a securities and insider trading policy (the Insider Trading Policy ) , which governs the purchase, sale and other dispositions of Smurfit Westrock securities by directors, officers and employees (including, as applicable, their family members and controlled entities, in each case, as defined in the Insider Trading Policy) of the Company and the Company itself and is designed to promote compliance with insider trading and market abuse laws, rules and regulations, and the NYSE and UK listing rules. Among other things, the Insider Trading Policy prohibits the purchase and sale of Smurfit Westrock ordinary shares while an individual is in possession of material non-public information or inside information about the Company or Smurfit Westrock securities and provides for trading windows and pre-clearance processes that apply to certain covered individuals. It also prohibits our employees, officers, directors and their family members and controlled entities from (i) entering into derivative or hedging transactions (for example, warrants, puts, calls, other publicly-traded options or similar instruments) in Smurfit Westrock securities and purchasing financial instruments tied to Smurfit Westrock securities (including prepaid variable forward contracts, equity swaps, collars and exchange funds) or engaging in any other hedging transactions, (ii) purchasing Smurfit Westrock securities on margin, borrowing against the Smurfit Westrock s securities or otherwise pledging Smurfit Westrock securities as collateral for a loan or (iii) short-selling Smurfit Westrock securities. Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation None of the members of our Compensation Committee (i) has, at any time during the prior three years, been one of our officers or employees or (ii) had any relationship with the Company during fiscal year 2025 requiring disclosure under Item 404 of Regulation S-K. In addition, none of our executive officers currently serves, or in the past fiscal year has served, as a member of the board or compensation committee of any entity that has one or more executive officers serving on our Board or Compensation Committee. 39 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Table of Contents Director Compensation Director Compensation Our non executive director compensation program is designed to retain highly qualified, experienced, and engaged directors, while also ensuring the Company can attract high caliber, non executive directors in the future. The program is designed to align with the director compensation paid by our Compensation Peer Group, as well as broader market practices. Our Board was advised by our independent compensation consultant, Semler Brossy, in assessing the form and amount of our non-executive director compensation program. Executive officers do not play a role in determining or recommending the amount or form of non-executive director compensation. Our Compensation Committee and Board review our non-executive director compensation on an annual basis to ensure it remains competitive and aligned with our peers and the market practices. Each element of non-executive director compensation discussed below is recommended by the Compensation Committee and approved by the Board. Elements of our Non-Executive Director Compensation Program The table below sets out a summary of our non-executive director compensation for 2025. Our non-executive director compensation program for 2025 consisted of an annual cash retainer and an annual equity retainer in the form of RSUs (which vest on the earlier of (i) the first anniversary of the grant date and (ii) the date of the next annual general meeting of shareholders), as well as additional retainers and a grant of Pro Rata Awards, as noted below. As Mr. Stockton did not stand for election at the 2025 annual general meeting of shareholders, he did not receive the annual equity retainer. Annual Cash Retainer $ 120,000 Annual Non-Executive Chair Cash Retainer (supplemental) $ 100,000 Additional Annual Committee Retainers Audit Committee Chair $ 25,000 Compensation Committee Chair $ 20,000 Nomination Committee Chair $ 20,000 Sustainability Committee Chair $ 20,000 Finance Committee Chair $ 20,000 Annual Stock Grant $ 175,000 Annual Non-Executive Chair Stock Grant (supplemental) $ 100,000 In addition to the annual compensation set forth in the above table, for 2025 only, the Board approved grants of RSUs to each non-executive director (including Mr. Stockton, who served as a director until the 2025 annual general meeting of shareholders) in respect of the period between January 1, 2025, and the 2025 annual general meeting of shareholders (the Pro Rata Awards ). The Pro Rata Awards were made in connection with the alignment of our non-executive director equity grant timing from calendar year-based grants in 2024 to grants aligned with our annual general meeting of shareholders starting in 2025, which we view to be consistent with market practices. Accordingly, on March 4, 2025, the Board approved grants of 1,332 RSUs to each non-executive director and 2,093 RSUs to the Chair. The Pro Rata Awards vested on May 1, 2025, immediately prior to our 2025 annual general meeting of shareholders. To further align the long-term interests of our directors and our shareholders, we maintain the Smurfit Westrock Share Ownership Policy, which requires each non-executive director to hold shares having an aggregate value equal to five times the annual cash base retainer. In addition to shares held by the non-executive director, an immediate family member or in a trust for the benefit of the non-executive director, shares underlying vested but deferred RSUs and shares underlying time-based RSUs are considered for purposes of complying with the guidelines. No stock options or unearned performance-based awards (if applicable) are considered. Until the applicable non-executive director has achieved the requisite ownership guideline, the non-executive director must retain 50% of the post-tax shares received upon vesting, settlement, or exercise of any equity award granted by the Company. As of the end of 2025, all of our non-executive directors were either in compliance with the requisite ownership guideline or subject to the holding policy, as applicable. In 2025, we did not provide any compensation or benefits to our non-executive directors other than the fees and stock awards described above and reimbursement of reasonable travel and other expenses incurred in connection with attending meetings of the Board and its committees. 40 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Table of Contents Director Compensation Non-Executive Director Compensation Table The following table summarizes the total compensation earned by each Smurfit Westrock non-executive director in 2025. See Compensation Discussion and Analysis and the accompanying tables, below, regarding compensation provided to Messrs. Smurfit and Bowles. Fees Earned or Paid in Cash Stock Awards Total Name ($) ($) (1) ($) Colleen F. Arnold 120,000 233,008 353,008 Timothy J. Bernlohr 140,000 233,008 373,008 Carole L. Brown 96,923 174,986 271,909 Terrell K. Crews (3) 145,000 233,008 378,008 Carol Fairweather 140,000 233,008 373,008 Mary Lynn Ferguson-McHugh 120,000 233,008 353,008 Irial Finan 240,000 366,178 606,178 Suzan F. Harrison 120,000 233,008 353,008 Kaisa Hietala 140,000 233,008 373,008 Lourdes Melgar (3) 120,000 233,008 353,008 J rgen Buhl Rasmussen 120,000 233,008 353,008 Dmitri L. Stockton (2) 40,923 58,022 98,945 Alan D. Wilson 120,000 233,008 353,008 (1) Amounts in this column reflect the aggregate grant date fair value of RSUs granted to each director in 2025, calculated in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718 ( FASB ASC Topic 718 ) based on (i) for the March 2025 grants, the closing price of Smurfit Westrock ordinary shares on March 11, 2025, the date of grant, of $43.56 and (ii) for the May 2025 grants, the closing price of Smurfit Westrock ordinary shares on May 2, 2025, the date of grant, of $41.28. The table below provides a breakdown of the grant date fair values of RSUs granted to each director in 2025. March 2025 Stock Awards May 2025 Stock Awards Total 2025 Stock Awards Name ($) ($) (1) ($) Colleen F. Arnold 58,022 174,986 233,008 Timothy J. Bernlohr 58,022 174,986 233,008 Carole L. Brown 174,986 174,986 Terrell K. Crews 58,022 174,986 233,008 Carol Fairweather 58,022 174,986 233,008 Mary Lynn Ferguson-McHugh 58,022 174,986 233,008 Irial Finan 91,171 275,007 366,178 Suzan F. Harrison 58,022 174,986 233,008 Kaisa Hietala 58,022 174,986 233,008 Lourdes Melgar 58,022 174,986 233,008 J rgen Buhl Rasmussen 58,022 174,986 233,008 Dmitri L. Stockton (2) 58,022 58,022 Alan D. Wilson 58,022 174,986 233,008 (2) Dmitri L. Stockton did not stand for election at the 2025 annual general meeting of shareholders. The compensation in the table reflects the Pro Rata Award received by Mr. Stockton as well as a pro-rata annual cash retainer for Mr. Stockton s services on the Board from January 1, 2025 through May 2, 2025. (3) Terrell K. Crews and Lourdes Melgar are not standing for election at this AGM and will no longer be serving on any committees of the Board as of the conclusion of this AGM. 41 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Table of Contents Director Compensation As of December 31, 2025, each of the non-executive directors held outstanding RSUs as shown in the table below, all of which were unvested as of December 31, 2025. In addition, each of Ms. Arnold and Mr. Wilson held fully vested deferred RSUs under the legacy WestRock Company 2016 Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Executive Directors as follows: Ms. Arnold 26,969 RSUs; Mr. Wilson 57,052 RSUs. These RSUs were granted in respect of their service as non-executive directors of WestRock prior to the Combination. In connection with the Combination, these RSUs were converted into RSUs in respect of Smurfit Westrock ordinary shares, and will be settled in accordance with their terms. Unvested RSUs Name (#) Colleen F. Arnold 4,371 Timothy J. Bernlohr 4,371 Carole L. Brown 4,371 Terrell K. Crews 4,371 Carol Fairweather 4,371 Mary Lynn Ferguson-McHugh 4,371 Irial Finan 6,869 Suzan F. Harrison 4,371 Kaisa Hietala 4,371 Lourdes Melgar 4,371 J rgen Buhl Rasmussen 4,371 Alan D. Wilson 4,371 42 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Table of Contents 43 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Table of Contents Proposal 2: Non-Binding, Advisory Vote to Approve Named Executive Officer Compensation Proposal 2: Non-Binding, Advisory Vote to Approve Named Executive Officer Compensation The Dodd-Frank Act enables our shareholders to vote to approve, on a non-binding, advisory basis, the compensation of our NEOs for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025, pursuant to the Section 14A of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (commonly referred to as a say-on-pay vote). The Compensation Discussion and Analysis, compensation tables and narrative discussion describe our compensation philosophy and objectives, our executive compensation program, and compensation decisions relating to our NEOs for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025. This advisory vote is not intended to address any specific element of compensation, but rather relates to the overall compensation of our NEOs, as described in this Proxy Statement. We encourage our shareholders to review the Compensation Discussion and Analysis, compensation tables and narrative discussion, for additional information. The text of the resolution in respect of Proposal 2 is as follows: RESOLVED, that the compensation paid to the Company s named executive officers as disclosed pursuant to Item 402 of Regulation S-K, including the Compensation Discussion and Analysis, compensation tables and narrative discussion, is hereby APPROVED. The resolution in respect of this Proposal 2 is an ordinary resolution that requires the affirmative vote of a simple majority of the votes cast at the AGM, in person or by proxy. This resolution will not be binding on the Board or the Compensation Committee. However, the Board and the Compensation Committee will review and consider the results of this proposal when making future compensation decisions for our NEOs. After considering the results of our 2025 advisory resolution on the frequency of say-on-pay votes, the Board has currently determined to hold annual say-on-pay votes. Thus, we expect the next vote following this AGM to be held at the 2027 annual general meeting of shareholders. Board Recommendation 2 NON-BINDING, ADVISORY VOTE TO APPROVE NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION The Board, upon recommendation of the Compensation Committee, unanimously recommends a vote FOR the approval, on a non-binding, advisory basis, of the compensation of the named executive officers for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025, as disclosed in this Proxy Statement . 44 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Table of Contents 45 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Table of Contents Executive Compensation Compensation Discussion and Analysis In this Compensation Discussion and Analysis, we discuss the elements of, and processes related to, the compensation paid or awarded to our NEOs for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025 ( 2025 ). Our Named Executive Officers Our NEOs for 2025 are our President Group Chief Executive Officer, our Executive Vice President Group Chief Financial Officer, and the three next most highly-compensated executive officers whose total compensation for the last completed fiscal year, calculated in accordance with applicable SEC guidance, was more than $100,000. References to NEOs in this Compensation Discussion and Analysis refer to the following executive officers of Smurfit Westrock: Our NEOs ANTHONY SMURFIT* KEN BOWLES* LAURENT SELLIER** SAVERIO MAYER** BEN GARREN**+ President Group Chief Executive Officer Executive Vice President Group Chief Financial Officer President Chief Executive Officer, North America (including Mexico) President Chief Executive Officer, Europe, MEA APAC Executive Vice President Group General Counsel * Please refer to the biographies of Anthony Smurfit and Ken Bowles in the section entitled Director Nominee Biographies above. ** Please refer to the biographies of Laurent Sellier, Saverio Mayer and Ben Garren in the section entitled Information About Our Executive Officers in the Annual Report. + Ben Garren s full name is Charles B. Garren, Jr. Compensation Discussion and Analysis Roadmap Executive Summary 47 - 48 Overview Say-on-Pay Vote and Shareholder Engagement 2025 Performance Highlights Executive Compensation Program Overview 49 Our Compensation Philosophy Executive Compensation Elements Our Compensation Decision-Making Process 50 - 52 Roles in Executive Compensation Decision-Making Process Executive Compensation-Related Best Practices Compensation Peer Group Components of Executive Compensation Program 53 - 60 Primary Elements of our Executive Compensation Program Long-Term Incentive Plan Base Salary Other Compensation Annual Incentive Plan Additional Information 61 Tax and Accounting Considerations Clawback Policies Stock Ownership Guidelines Compensation Committee Report 62 46 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Table of Contents Executive Compensation Executive Summary Overview As described throughout this Proxy Statement, 2025 was a year of continued execution for our Company set against difficult market conditions. During the year, the Compensation Committee focused on administering an executive compensation program that is appropriate for a global company of our size and scale and aligned with the best interests of the Company and our shareholders. In doing so, the Compensation Committee emphasized disciplined pay practices, alignment between compensation outcomes and Company performance, and the retention and motivation of our leadership team, whose experience and execution capabilities are critical to advancing our strategic priorities and supporting long-term shareholder value creation. A core principle of our executive compensation program is to pay for performance: We ensure that a majority of our NEOs compensation is performance-based and, therefore, at-risk, as shown below with respect to our NEOs pay mix for 2025. Financial Results Pay for Performance Despite difficult market conditions, we delivered strong results in 2025, achieving $31.2 billion in full year net sales and generating $0.7 billion in net income and net income margin of 2.2%. We achieved $4.9 billion Adjusted EBITDA with an Adjusted EBITDA margin of 15.8% for the year. The company a lso generate d net cash provided by operating activities of $3.4 billion and more than $1.5 billion in Adjusted Free Cash Flow ( Adjusted FCF ) , reflecting robust cash generation across the business. Executive pay remained strongly performance-oriented, with approximately 90% of the CEO s target compensation and approximately 80% (on average) of other NEOs target compensation at risk, and lo