=== SW_2026-02-27.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors. Please refer to the section above entitled Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements" for additional information. Smurfit Kappa was determined to be the accounting acquirer in the Combination; therefore, the historical consolidated financial statements of Smurfit Kappa for periods prior to the Combination were also considered to be the historical financial statements of the Company. Unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, all references to the Company and Smurfit Kappa refer to Smurfit Kappa Group plc and its subsidiaries and their operations when referring to periods prior to the closing of the Combination, and references to the Company and Smurfit Westrock refer to the combined company, Smurfit Westrock and its subsidiaries, including, among others, Smurfit Kappa and WestRock, when referring to periods after the Combination. OVERVIEW Smurfit Westrock is one of the world's largest integrated manufacturers of paper-based packaging products in terms of volumes and sales, with operations in North America, South America, Europe, Asia, Africa, and Australia. Smurfit Westrock partners with its customers to provide differentiated, sustainable paper and packaging solutions that enhance its customers prospects of success in their markets. Transaction Agreement and Combination with WestRock Smurfit Westrock was created in July 2024 as a strategic combination betwe en Smurfit Kappa Group plc (re-registered as Smurfit Kappa Group Limited) ( S murfit Kappa ) and WestRock Company ( WestRock ). The Combination closed on July 5, 2024. Upon completion of the Combination, Smurfit Kappa and WestRock each became wholly-owned subsidiaries of Smurfit Westrock. As noted above, Smurfit Kappa was determined to be the accounting acquirer of WestRock. Accordingly, the financial statements reflected in these Consolidated Financial Statements and the discussions below include WestRock's financial position and results of operations for the period subsequent to the completion of the Combination on July 5, 2024. Consequently, the results reported for the twelve months ended December 31, 2024 do not include WestRock s financial results for the first five days of July or any prior periods. Therefore, in fiscal 2025 acquired WestRock operations were included for an incremental six months and five days compared to fiscal 2024. Refer to Note 2. Acquisitions of the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information related to the Combination and the accounting for the Combination. Following the completion of the Combination, Smurfit Westrock reassessed the Company s reportable segments due to changes in organizational structure and how the Company s chief operating decision maker ( CODM ) makes key operating decisions, allocates resources and assesses the performance of the business. Accordingly, Smurfit Westrock began to manage the combined business as three reportable segments: (1) North America, (2) Europe, MEA and APAC, and (3) LATAM. Refer to Note 3. Segment Information of the Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion of the Company s segment reporting structure. A detailed discussion of the fiscal 2025 year-over-year changes can be found below and a detailed discussion of fiscal 2024 year-over- year changes can be found in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024. 50 EXECUTIVE SUMMARY Smurfit Westrock s net sales increased by $10,070 million , to $31,179 million in the year ended December 31, 2025 , from $21,109 million in the year ended December 31, 2024 . This increase was primarily due to the impact of $9,845 million related to the acquisition of WestRock. Excluding the impact of this acquisition, net sales increased by $225 million primarily resulting from a $487 million positive impact due to a higher selling price mix and a $452 million net positive foreign currency impact, partially offset by a negative volume impact of $716 million . See Segment Information below for more detail on Smurfit Westrock s segment results. Net income attributable to common shareholders increased by $380 million , to $699 million in the year ended December 31, 2025 , from $319 million in the year ended December 31, 2024 . The increase was primarily due to the operations acquired in the Combination. In the year ended December 31, 2025 , the positive impact of the acquired operations was partially offset by increased interest expense, net , post Combination, and we incurred increased impairment and restructuring costs . In the year ended December 31, 2024 , we incurred higher transaction and integration-related expenses associated with the Combination and a charge of $224 million for the amortization of the fair value step up on inventory recognized on WestRock s inventory acquired. See Note 5. Impairment and Restructuring Costs and Note 6. Transaction and Integration-related Expenses Associated with the Combination of the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. Refer to Results of Operations and Segment Information for a detailed review of Smurfit Westrock s performance. Net cash provided by operating activities increased by $1,909 million , to $3,392 million in the year ended December 31, 2025 , from $1,483 million in the year ended December 31, 2024 , primarily due to a $1,489 million increase in net income adjusted for non-cash items, primarily including depreciation, depletion and amortization , impairment charges, cash surrender value increase in excess of premiums paid , share-based compensation expense , deferred income tax benefit , and pension and other postretirement funding more than cost . The increase in net cash provided by operating activities also included a $420 million decrease in the cash outflows from changes in operating assets and liabilities. During the year ended December 31, 2025 , Smurfit Westrock invested $2,192 million in capital expenditures. The Company s net cash outflow from changes in debt was $304 million , and it paid $900 million of cash dividends to shareholders. See the section entitled Liquidity and Capital Resources below for additional information. SIGNIFICANT FACTORS AND TRENDS AFFECTING SMURFIT WESTROCK S RESULTS Smurfit Westrock s operations have been, and will continue to be, affected by many factors, some of which are beyond the Company s control. Smurfit Westrock s net sales are primarily derived from the sale of containerboard, corrugated containers, paperboard, consumer packaging, and other paper-based packaging products. As such, Smurfit Westrock s net sales during any period are largely influenced by volumes, prices and costs of the corrugated containers and consumer packaging products that Smurfit Westrock sells during that period. Volumes In general, demand for corrugated containers and consumer packaging is closely correlated with overall economic growth and activity. It also directionally correlates with levels of industrial production and is impacted by the trends affecting the choice of medium (paper, plastic, glass, metal, or wood) used in the packaging of these products. As a result, demand is driven by the need for: (i) packaging products for consumer and industrial goods, (ii) higher value-added corrugated products used for point-of-sale displays and consumer and shelf-ready packaging, and (iii) packaging of pharmaceutical products and the growth of related industries. Normal patterns of demand growth can be disrupted by other macroeconomic trends, including inflation, pandemics (such as the COVID-19 pandemic and related lockdowns), and global economic factors such as a recession and geopolitical developments (including tariffs or other trade restrictions), among others. Consumer patterns also play a significant role in demand for corrugated packaging and consumer packaging. In recent years, shifting consumer behaviors have accelerated, particularly with the rise of e-commerce and increased awareness of unsustainable packaging solutions. These trends have, to date, been beneficial for paper-based packaging, which is typically made from renewable, recyclable materials. Changing demographics can also influence demand trends in the pharmaceutical industry, a major user of consumer packaging. 51 Our volumes may also be impacted in certain periods by scheduled or unscheduled maintenance, particularly in our mill system, as well as economic downtime as we match our supply with customer demand. Prices and Costs Prices of corrugated containers and consumer packaging are primarily a function of the cyclical nature of Smurfit Westrock s industry, capacity and competition in the markets it operates in, prevailing raw material prices, and other operating costs, such as energy, chemicals, and transportation, overlaying supply and demand balances. As paper costs generally represent a large portion of the cash cost of production for corrugated containers or consumer packaging, containerboard price movements tend to impact the prices of corrugated containers, and paperboard price movements tend to impact the prices of consumer packaging. In turn, the cost of paper is influenced by movements in the price of its major raw materials wood or recycled paper along with other supply and demand factors. Smurfit Westrock s production processes are energy-intensive, making production costs also sensitive to the price of energy (primarily gas and electricity), which have historically been volatile. Other key cost drivers include employee benefit expenses, largely determined by workforce size, and shipping and handling costs, which are generally affected by fuel prices and overall labor inflation. While many of Smurfit Westrock s customer contracts include price adjustment clauses that allow cost increases to be passed on to customers, these clauses may not in all cases be effective to offset rising costs. Additionally, for corrugated and consumer packaging products, even when Smurfit Westrock is able to implement price increases, there is typically a three- to six-month lag between raw material price hikes and the realization of higher pricing from customers. Foreign Currency Effects Smurfit Westrock operates in multiple countries across North America, South America, Europe, Asia, Africa, and Australia. As a result, currency fluctuations can have both direct and indirect impacts on its financial statements, which are presented in U.S. dollars. RESULTS OF OPERATIONS The following table summarizes Smurfit Westrock s consolidated results for the years ended December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024 ($ in millions): Years ended December 31, 2025 2024 Net sales $ 31,179 $ 21,109 Cost of goods sold (25,136) (16,914) Gross profit 6,043 4,195 Selling, general and administrative expenses (3,819) (2,737) Impairment and restructuring costs (385) (56) Transaction and integration-related expenses associated with the Combination (120) (395) Operating profit 1,719 1,007 Interest expense, net (729) (398) Pension and other postretirement non-service income (expense), net 30 (24) Other expense, net (61) (25) Income before income taxes 959 560 Income tax expense (260) (241) Net income 699 319 Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests Net income attributable to common shareholders $ 699 $ 319 52 Results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2025 , compared to the year ended December 31, 2024 Net Sales Net sales increased by $10,070 million , to $31,179 million in the year ended December 31, 2025 , from $21,109 million in the year ended December 31, 2024 . This increase was primarily due to the impact of $9,845 million related to the acquisition of WestRock. Excluding the impact of this acquisition, net sales increased by $225 million primarily resulting from a $487 million positive impact due to a higher selling price mix and a $452 million net positive foreign currency impact, partially offset by a negative volume impact of $716 million . See Segment Information below for more detail on Smurfit Westrock s segment results. Cost of Goods Sold Cost of goods sold increased by $8,222 million , to $25,136 million in the year ended December 31, 2025 , from $16,914 million in the year ended December 31, 2024 . The increase in cost of goods sold was primarily due to the impact of the acquisition of WestRock of $8,240 million. Excluding the impact of this acquisition for the incremental period consolidated in the current year, cost of goods sold decreased by $18 million. The decrease was primarily driven by the impact of lower volumes and the prior year $224 million amortization of the fair value step up on inventory recognized on WestRock s inventory acquired. These items were largely offset by higher costs in the current year, including increased economic downtime, higher depreciation, depletion and amortization expense , higher energy costs, as well as a net negative foreign currency impact. Selling, General and Administrative ( SG A ) Expenses SG A expenses increased by $1,082 million , to $3,819 million in the year ended December 31, 2025 , from $2,737 million in the year ended December 31, 2024 . The increase in SG A expenses of $ 1,082 million was primarily due to additional SG A expenses of $1,126 million related to the acquisition of WestRock. Excluding the impact of this acquisition, SG A decreased by $44 million primarily due to lower share-based payment expense, partially offset by higher depreciation, depletion and amortization expense. Impairment and Restructuring Costs Impairment and restructuring costs increased by $329 million , to $385 million in the year ended December 31, 2025 , from $56 million in the year ended December 31, 2024 . In the year ended December 31, 2025 , impairment and restructuring costs consisted of $246 million of impairment charges and $139 million of restructuring costs. In the year ended December 31, 2024 , i mpairment and restructuring costs consisted of $24 million of impairment charges and $32 million of restructuring costs. The increase in i mpairment and restructuring costs was primarily due to our announced plan to permanently close our coated recycled paperboard mill in St. Paul, Minnesota, U.S., discontinue production at our containerboard mill in Forney, Texas, U.S., and costs associated with two converting facilities in Germany that ceased production in the fourth quarter of 2025. We stopped production at these two U.S. mills in June 2025 and May 2025, respectively. See Note 5. Impairment and Restructuring Costs of the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. Transaction and Integration-related Expenses Associated with the Combination The Company incurred transaction and integration-related expenses associated with the Combination of $120 million and $395 million in the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 , respectively. In the year ended December 31, 2025 , transaction and integration- related expenses associated with the Combination consisted primarily of i ntegration-related expenses associated with the Combination of $122 million . In the year ended December 31, 2024 , transaction and integration-related expenses consisted of t ransaction-related expenses of $202 million and $193 million of integration-related expenses associated with the Combination . 53 Transaction-related costs associated with the Combination were comprised of banking and financing related costs as well as legal and other professional services which were directly attributable to the Combination and retention payments that were contractually committed to and associated with the successful completion of the Combination. We incur integration expenses post-acquisition that reflect work performed to facilitate merger and acquisition integration and primarily consist of professional services and personnel and related expenses, such as work associated with information systems. Pension and Other Postretirement Non-Service Income (Expense), Net Pension and other postretirement non-service income (expense), net increased by $54 million , to income of $30 million in the year ended December 31, 2025 , from $24 million of expense in the year ended December 31, 2024 . This increase was primarily due to a $164 million increase in the expected return on assets primarily due to acquired defined benefit pension assets in connection with the Combination and a decrease in net settlement loss of $17 million , partially offset by an increase in interest costs of $132 million primarily due to acquired defined benefit pension liabilities in connection with the Combination . Interest Expense, Net Interest expense, net increased by $331 million to $729 million in the year ended December 31, 2025 , from $398 million in the year ended December 31, 2024 . This increase was primarily due to the increased interest expense as a result of the acquisition of WestRock. See Note 2. Acquisitions and Note 15. Debt of the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on debt assumed and debt issued in connection with the Combination. Other Expense, Net Other expense, net increased by $36 million , to a net expense of $61 million in the year ended December 31, 2025 , from a net expense of $25 million in the year ended December 31, 2024 . This increase was primarily due to a $15 million increase in the expense recorded in connection with the sale of receivables under an accounts receivable monetization program acquired as a result of the Combination and a $10 million net negative impact from foreign currency translation of monetary assets and liabilities. Income Tax Expense Income tax expense was $260 million in the year ended December 31, 2025 , compared to $241 million in the year ended December 31, 2024 . The effective tax rates for the twelve months ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 were 27.1% and 43.0% , respectively. See Note 18. Income Taxes of the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional income tax information. On July 4, 2025, U.S. tax legislation was enacted that included a broad range of tax reform provisions affecting businesses, including extending and modifying certain existing international and domestic provisions. The financial statement impacts were considered in the third quarter, with no discrete period tax impacts arising from the change in tax law. Impacts from the legislation are either not applicable or immaterial to the financial statements. Certain changes may impact current or future cash tax obligations, but are not anticipated to impact the total tax expense. SEGMENT INFORMATION Smurfit Westrock has identified its operating segments based on how the CODM makes key operating decisions, allocates resources and assesses performance of the Company s business. These operating segments are as follows: (i) North America, which includes operations in the U.S., Canada and Mexico, (ii) Europe, MEA and APAC and (iii) LATAM, which includes operations in Central America and the Caribbean, Argentina, Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Ecuador and Peru. No operating segments have been aggregated for disclosure purposes. 54 Segment results include items directly attributable to a segment as well as those that can be allocated on a reasonable basis, but exclude certain central costs such as corporate costs, including executive costs, and costs of Smurfit Westrock s legal, company secretarial, pension administration, tax, treasury and controlling functions and other administrative costs. Segment profitability is measured based on Adjusted EBITDA, defined as income before income taxes , unallocated corporate costs , depreciation, depletion and amortization , interest expense, net , pension and other postretirement non-service income (expense), net , share-based compensation expense , other expense, net , impairment and restructuring costs , transaction and integration-related expenses associated with the Combination , amortization of fair value step up on inventory and other specific items that management believes are not indicative of the ongoing operating results of the business. The following table contains selected financial information for Smurfit Westrock s segments for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 ($ in millions): Years ended December 31, 2025 2024 Net sales (aggregate): (1) North America $ 18,577 $ 10,092 Europe, MEA and APAC 10,893 9,577 LATAM 2,113 1,711 Segment Adjusted EBITDA: North America $ 2,998 $ 1,610 Europe, MEA and APAC 1,618 1,529 LATAM 485 378 (1) Net sales before intersegment eliminations . The year ended December 31, 2025 , compared to the year ended December 31, 2024 North America Segment Net Sales Net sales before intersegment eliminations for the North America segment increased by $8,485 million , to $18,577 million in the year ended December 31, 2025 , from $10,092 million in the year ended December 31, 2024 . This increase was primarily due to the positive impact of $8,877 million from the impact of the acquisition of WestRock. Excluding the impact of this acquisition, net sales before intersegment eliminations decreased by $392 million primarily due to a $690 million impact of lower volumes, partially offset by a $311 million impact from a higher sales price mix. Adjusted EBITDA Adjusted EBITDA for the North America segment increased by $1,388 million , to $2,998 million in the year ended December 31, 2025 , from $1,610 million in the year ended December 31, 2024 . This increase was primarily due to the positive impact of $1,446 million from the impact of the acquisition of WestRock. Excluding the impact of this acquisition, Adjusted EBITDA decreased by $58 million primarily due to higher costs of $244 million and lower volumes of $126 million , partially offset by a higher selling price mix of $311 million . The higher costs of $244 million were mainly due to the impact of increased e conomic downtim e along with higher energy costs. 55 Europe, MEA and APAC Segment Net Sales Net sales before intersegment eliminations for the Europe, MEA and APAC segment increased by $1,316 million , to $10,893 million in the year ended December 31, 2025 , from $9,577 million in the year ended December 31, 2024 . This increase was primarily due to the impact of $808 million which related to the impact of the acquisition of WestRock. Excluding the impact of this acquisition, net sales before intersegment eliminations increased by $508 million primarily due to a net positive foreign currency impact of $462 million primarily due to the strengthening of the euro against the U.S. dollar, a higher selling price mix of $102 million , partially offset by a negative volume impact of $56 million . Adjusted EBITDA Adjusted EBITDA for the Europe, MEA and APAC segment increased by $89 million , to $1,618 million in the year ended December 31, 2025 , from $1,529 million in the year ended December 31, 2024 . There was an $84 million positive impact from the acquisition of WestRock. Excluding the impact of this acquisition, Adjusted EBITDA increased by $5 million primarily due to a higher selling price mix impact of $102 million and net positive foreign currency impact of $63 million, which were partially offset by higher costs of $150 million, mainly driven by higher energy and labor costs. LATAM Segment Net Sales Net sales before intersegment eliminations for the LATAM segment increased by $402 million , to $2,113 million in the year ended December 31, 2025 , from $1,711 million in the year ended December 31, 2024 . This increase was primarily due to the positive impact of $375 million from the acquisition of WestRock. Excluding this acquisition, net sales before intersegment eliminations increased by $27 million primarily due to a higher selling price mix of $71 million, partially offset by a negative volume impact of $35 million. Adjusted EBITDA Adjusted EBITDA for the LATAM segment increased by $107 million , to $485 million in the year ended December 31, 2025 , from $378 million in the year ended December 31, 2024 . This increase was primarily due to the positive impact of $117 million from the acquisition of WestRock. Excluding this acquisition, Adjusted EBITDA decreased by $10 million primarily due to higher costs of $86 million , partly offset by a higher selling price mix of $71 million . LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES Sources and Uses of Cash Smurfit Westrock s primary sources of liquidity are the cash flows generated from its operations, its commercial paper program, and committed credit lines. The uncommitted commercial paper program is supported by the $4,500 million revolving loan facility with a separate swingline sub-facility which allows for same-day drawing in U.S. dollar. The revolving credit facility had an original term of five years, with two one-year extension options. In June 2025, the first extension was exercised, extending the maturity date to June 28, 2030. The amount of commercial paper outstanding does not reduce available capacity under the revolving loan facility. The primary uses of this liquidity are to fund Smurfit Westrock s day-to-day operations, capital expenditures, debt service, dividends and other investment activity, including acquisitions . As of December 31, 2025 , Smurfit Westrock held cash and cash equivalents of $892 million , of which $273 million were held in euro, $328 million were held in U.S. dollars and $291 million were held in other currencies . At December 31, 2025 , the Company had $ 4,560 million in undrawn committed facilities available under the revolving loan facility and receivables securitization facilities. The weighted average period until maturity of undrawn committed facilities was 4.5 years as of December 31, 2025 . Combined with cash and cash equivalents of $892 million , the Company had $ 5,452 million of available liquidity. 56 On November 20, 2025 we redeemed the outstanding $292 million in aggregate principal amount of 7.500% senior debentures due 2025 in full at par. We funded this redemption using existing liquidity. No gain or loss on extinguishment of debt was recorded. On November 21, 2025, Smurfit Westrock Financing Designated Activity Company ( SWF ), a designated activity company incorporated under the laws of Ireland and a wholly-owned direct subsidiary of Smurfit Westrock plc ( Smurfit Westrock ), issued $8 00 million aggregate principal amount of its 5.185% senior green notes due 2036 (the USD Notes ), with interest payable semi- annually in arrears, beginning on July 15, 2026. On November 24, 2025, Smurfit Kappa Treasury Unlimited Company ( SKT and, together with SWF, the Issuers ), a public unlimited company incorporated under the laws of Ireland and a wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of Smurfit Westrock, issued 500 million aggregate principal amount of its 3.489% senior green notes due 2031 (the EUR Notes and, together with the USD Notes, the November 2025 Notes ), with interest payable annually in arrears. These November 2025 Notes can be redeemed, at par in whole or in part, within three months to their maturity, in accordance with the respective indentures. The November 2025 Notes have been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, pursuant to a registration statement (the Registration Statement ) on Form S-3ASR (No. 333-291446) filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on November 12, 2025. The November 2025 Notes were sold pursuant to a base prospectus, dated November 12, 2025, forming a part of the Registration Statement, and separate preliminary and final prospectus supplements with respect to the USD Notes, dated November 17, 2025, and the EUR Notes, dated November 18, 2025. We used the net proceeds from the offerings of the November 2025 Notes (i) to redeem the outstanding 750 million in aggregate principal amount of 1.500% senior notes due 2027 issued by SKT (the SKT 2027 Notes ) in full at the applicable redemption price set forth in the indenture governing the SKT 2027 Notes, (ii) to redeem the outstanding $500 million in aggregate principal amount of 3.375% senior notes due 2027 issued by WRKCo Inc. (the WRKCo 2027 Notes ) in full at the applicable redemption price set forth in the indenture governing the WRKCo 2027 Notes, and (iii) f or general corporate purposes, including the repayment of other indebted ness. We also used an amount equivalent to the proceeds of the November 2025 Notes to finance or refinance a portfolio of eligible green projects in accordance with our Green Finance Framework, which we may, in the future, update in line with developments in the market. On November 18, 2025, WRKCo Inc. distributed a conditional notice of redemption to the holders of the WRKCo 2027 Notes. The WRKCo 2027 Notes were redeemed on December 4, 2025. On November 19, 2025, SKT distributed a conditional notice of redemption to the holders of the SKT 2027 Notes. The SKT 2027 Notes were redeemed on December 2, 2025. We recorded a $16 million loss on extinguishment of debt in connection with these redemptions. As of December 31, 2025 , Smurfit Westrock had $13,773 million of total debt. As of December 31, 2025 , the carrying amount of current debt was $346 million . In the twelve months ended December 31, 2025 , total debt increased by $178 million . Excluding changes in carrying value, such as translation adjustments and amortization moves , borrowings decreased by $304 million . The carrying amount of the Company s debt includes a fair value adjustment related to debt assumed through mergers and acquisitions. Included within the carrying value of Smurfit Westrock s borrowings as of December 31, 2025 are unamortized fair value adjustments, bond discounts and debt issuance costs of $94 million , including an unamortized fair value market adjustment of $22 million , all of which will be recognized in interest expense in Smurfit Westrock s Consolidated Statements of Operations using the effective interest rate method over the remaining life of the borrowings. See Note 2. Acquisitions and Note 15. Debt of the Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of debt assumed and debt issued in connection with the Combination, as well as additional debt-related information, including bond issuances and repayments. The Company believes that the cash flows generated from its operations, cash on hand, its commercial paper program, available borrowings under its committed credit lines and available capital through access to capital markets will be adequate to meet the Company's liquidity and capital requirements, including payments of any declared dividends, for the next 12 months and for the foreseeable future. Smurfit Westrock uses a variety of working capital management strategies including supply chain financing ( SCF ) programs, vendor financing and commercial card programs, monetization facilities where we sell short-term receivables to a group of third-party financial institutions and receivables securitization facilities. The programs are described below. 57 The Company engages in certain customer-based SCF programs to accelerate the receipt of payment for outstanding accounts receivables from certain customers. Certain costs of these programs are borne by the customer or the Company. Receivables transferred under these customer-based SCF programs generally meet the requirements to be accounted for as sales in accordance with guidance under Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) 860, Transfers and Servicing ( ASC 860 ), resulting in derecognition of such receivables from the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. Receivables involved with these customer-based SCF programs may vary from period to period, and were 6% of the Company s accounts receivable balance at December 31, 2025 . In addition, Smurfit Westrock has monetization facilities that sell to third-party financial institutions all of the short-term receivables generated from certain customer trade accounts. See Note 14. Fair Value Measurement of the Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of the Company s monetization facilities. Smurfit Westrock s working capital management strategy includes working with its suppliers to revisit terms and conditions, including the extension of payment terms. The Company s current payment terms with the majority of its suppliers generally range from payable upon receipt to 120 days and vary for items such as the availability of cash discounts. The Company does not believe its payment terms will be shortened significantly in the near future, and does not expect its net cash provided by operating activities to be significantly impacted by additional extensions of payment terms. Certain financial institutions offer voluntary SCF programs that enable the Company s suppliers, at their sole discretion, to sell their receivables from Smurfit Westrock to the financial institutions on a non-recourse basis at a rate that leverages the Company s credit rating and thus might be more beneficial to the Company s suppliers. Smurfit Westrock and its suppliers agree on commercial terms for the goods and services procured, including prices, quantities and payment terms, regardless of whether the supplier elects to participate in SCF programs. The suppliers sell Smurfit Westrock goods or services and issue the associated invoices based on the agreed-upon contractual terms. The due dates of the invoices are not extended due to the supplier s participation in SCF programs. Smurfit Westrock suppliers, at their sole discretion if they choose to participate in a SCF program, determine which invoices, if any, they want to sell to the financial institutions. No guarantees are provided by the Company under SCF programs, and it has no economic interest in a supplier s decision to participate in the SCF program. Therefore, amounts due to the Company s suppliers that elect to participate in SCF programs are included in the Accounts payable line item in the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets and the activity is reflected in Net cash provided by operating activities in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. Based on correspondence with the financial institutions that are involved with Smurfit Westrock s two primary SCF programs, while the amount suppliers elect to sell to the financial institutions varies from period to period, the amount generally averages 10% - 14% of the Company s accounts payable balance. The outstanding payment obligations to financial institutions under these programs were $361 million as of December 31, 2025 . Smurfit Westrock also participates in certain vendor financing and commercial card programs to support travel and entertainment expenses and smaller vendor purchases. Amounts outstanding under these programs are classified as debt primarily because the Company receives the benefit of extended payment terms and a rebate from the financial institution that would not have otherwise been received without the financial institution's involvement. Smurfit Westrock also has receivables securitization facilities that allows for borrowing availability based on underlying accounts receivable eligibility and compliance with certain covenants. See Note 15. Debt and Note 22. Variable Interest Entities of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of the receivables securitization facilities and the amount outstanding under the Company s vendor financing and commercial card programs. Smurfit Westrock is a party to enforceable and legally binding contractual obligations involving commitments to make payments to third parties. These obligations impact Smurfit Westrock s short-term and long-term liquidity and capital resource needs. Certain contractual obligations are reflected on Smurfit Westrock s Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2025 , while others are considered future obligations. Smurfit Westrock s contractual obligations primarily consist of items such as long-term debt, including current portion, lease obligations, purchase obligations and other obligations. See Contractual Obligations and Commitments for more information. 58 Cash Flow Activity The following table contains selected financial information from Smurfit Westrock s Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 ($ in millions): Years ended December 31, ($ in millions) 2025 2024 Net cash provided by operating activities $ 3,392 $ 1,483 Net cash used for investing activities $ (2,143) $ (2,114) Net cash (used for) provided by financing activities $ (1,298) $ 607 Net cash provided by operating activities increased by $1,909 million , or 129% , to $3,392 million in the year ended December 31, 2025 from $1,483 million in the year ended December 31, 2024 , primarily due to a $1,489 million increase in net income adjusted for non-cash items, primarily including depreciation, depletion and amortization , impairment charges, cash surrender value increase in excess of premiums paid , share-based compensation expense , deferred income tax benefit , and pension and other postretirement funding more than cost . The increase in net cash provided by operating activities also included a $420 million decrease in the cash outflows from changes in operating assets and liabilities. The decrease in the cash outflows from changes in operating assets and liabilities was inclusive of cash payments to financial institutions of $66 million in connection with the Company s accounts receivable monetization agreements in the year ended December 31, 2025 , compared to cash proceeds of $62 million in the prior year period. See Note 14. Fair Value Measurement of the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. Net cash used for investing activities of $2,143 million in the year ended December 31, 2025 consisted primarily of capital expenditures of $2,192 million partially offset by proceeds from corporate owned life insurance and other items . Net cash used for investing activities of $2,114 million in the year ended December 31, 2024 consisted primarily of capital expenditures of $1,466 million and cash paid for purchase of businesses, net of cash acquired of $719 million , partially offset by proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment of $61 million . Net cash used for financing activities of $1,298 million in the year ended December 31, 2025 consisted primarily of cash outflows from cash dividends paid to shareholders of $900 million , a net decrease in debt of $304 million , tax paid in connection with shares withheld from employees of $69 million and debt issuance costs of $20 million . Net cash provided by financing activities of $607 million in the year ended December 31, 2024 consisted primarily of cash inflows from a net increase in debt of $1,367 million , partially offset by cash outflows from cash dividends paid to shareholders of $650 million , debt issuance costs of $63 million , purchases of treasury stock of $27 million , and tax paid in connection with shares withheld from employees of $26 million . Contractual Obligations and Commitments Smurfit Westrock is a party to enforceable and legally binding contractual obligations involving commitments to make payments to third parties. These obligations impact Smurfit Westrock s short-term and long-term liquidity and capital resource needs. Certain contractual obligations are reflected on Smurfit Westrock s Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2025 , while others are considered future obligations. Smurfit Westrock s primary cash requirements from contractual obligations and commitments include: Debt obligations. See Note 15. Debt , of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information on Smurfit Westrock s debt obligations and timing of expected future payments. Operating and finance leases. See Note 13. Leases , of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information on Smurfit Westrock s operating and finance lease obligations and timing of expected future payments. Pension liabilities. See Note 19. Retirement Plans and Deferred Compensation Arrangements , of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information on Smurfit Westrock s pension liabilities and the timing of expected future benefit payments under its defined benefit pension p lans. 59 Capital commitments. See Note 21. Commitments and Contingencies , of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information on Smurfit Westrock s future spending for property, plant and equipment that Smurfit Westrock is obligated to purchase. Purchase commitments. See Note 21. Commitments and Contingencies , of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information on Smurfit Westrock s purchase commitments and the timing of the expected future payments. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements As of December 31, 2025 , Smurfit Westrock did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements. NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURE Definitions Non-GAAP Financial Measure Smurfit Westrock reports its financial results in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the U.S. ( GAAP ). However, management believes Adjusted EBITDA , a non-GAAP financial measure as discussed below, provides Smurfit Westrock s Board of Directors, investors, potential investors, securities analysts and others with additional meaningful financial information that should be considered when assessing its ongoing performance relative to other periods because it adjusts out non- recurring items that management believes are not indicative of the ongoing results of the business. Smurfit Westrock management also uses this non-GAAP financial measure in making financial, operating and planning decisions, and in evaluating company performance. Non-GAAP financial measures are not intended to be considered in isolation of or as a substitute for, or superior to, financial information prepared and presented in accordance with GAAP and should be viewed in addition to, and not as an alternative for, the GAAP results. The non-GAAP financial measure Smurfit Westrock presents may differ from similarly captioned measures presented by other companies. Adjusted EBITDA Smurfit Westrock uses the non-GAAP financial measure Adjusted EBITDA to evaluate its overall performance. The composition of Adjusted EBITDA is not addressed or prescribed by GAAP. Smurfit Westrock defines Adjusted EBITDA as net income before income tax expense , depreciation, depletion and amortization , interest expense, net , pension and other postretirement non-service income (expense), net , share-based compensation expense , other expense, net , impairment and restructuring costs , transaction and integration-related expenses associated with the Combination , amortization of fair value step up on inventory and other specific items that management believes are not indicative of the ongoing operating results of the business. Management believes that the most directly comparable GAAP measure to Adjusted EBITDA is Net income . 60 Set forth below is a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measure Adjusted EBITDA to Net income, the most directly comparable GAAP measure, for the periods indicated ($ in millions). Years ended December 31, 2025 2024 Net income $ 699 $ 319 Income tax expense 260 241 Depreciation, depletion and amortization 2,550 1,464 Impairment and restructuring costs 385 56 Transaction and integration-related expenses associated with the Combination 120 395 Amortization of fair value step up on inventory 224 Interest expense, net 729 398 Pension and other postretirement non-service (income) expense, net (30) 24 Share-based compensation expense 139 206 Other expense, net 61 25 Other adjustments 26 34 Adjusted EBITDA $ 4,939 $ 3,386 See Note 3. Segment Information of the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding Other adjustments in the table above. GUARANTOR SUMMARIZED FINANCIAL INFORMATION On April 3, 2024, SKT completed a private offering of $750 million aggregate principal amount of 5.200% senior green notes due 2030, $1,000 million aggregate principal amount of 5.438% senior green notes due 2034 and $1,000 million aggregate principal amount of 5.777% senior green notes due 2054, which we refer to as the Original SKT Notes , and on November 26, 2024, SWF completed a private offering of $850 million aggregate principal amount of 5.418% senior green notes due 2035, which we refer to as the Original SWF Notes (and, together with the Original SKT Notes, the Original Notes ). As part of those offerings, the Issuers and the Guarantors (as hereinafter defined) of the Original Notes entered into registration rights agreements with the initial purchasers thereof in which we agreed to use commercially reasonable efforts to complete exchange offers for such Original Notes in compliance with applicable securities laws. In connection with the registration rights agreements, on May 23, 2025, following an exchange offer process, certain holders of the Original Notes, exchanged their notes for newly issued registered notes (the New Notes ). The New Notes are substantially identical to the Original Notes, except that the New Notes are registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and will not have any transfer restrictions, registration rights or additional interest provisions. As outlined above in the section entitled Liquidity and Capital Resources , on November 21, 2025, SWF issued $8 00 million aggregate principal amount of 5.185% senior green notes due 2036, and on November 24, 2025 SKT issued 500 million aggregate principal amount of 3.489% senior green notes due 2031. These notes have been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 61 The Guarantees The Original Notes, the New Notes and t he November 2025 Notes are subject to any limitations under applicable law, fully and unconditionally guaranteed, jointly and severally, on a senior unsecured basis by each of Smurfit Westrock plc and the following wholly-owned subsidiaries of Smurfit Westrock plc (the Subsidiary Guarantors ): Smurfit Kappa Group Limited, Smurfit Kappa Investments Limited, Smurfit Kappa Acquisitions Unlimited Company, Smurfit Kappa Treasury Funding Designated Activity Company, Smurfit International B.V., Smurfit WestRock US Holdings Corporation, WestRock Company, WRKCo Inc., WestRock MWV, LLC and WestRock RKT, LLC. In addition, SWF fully and unconditionally guarantees SKT s obligations under the Original Notes, the New Notes and t he November 2025 Notes , and SKT fully and unconditionally guarantees SWF s obligations under the Original Notes, the New Notes and the November 2025 Notes . SKT and SWF are both wholly-owned subsidiaries of Smurfit Westrock plc. Smurfit Westrock plc and the Subsidiary Guarantors are collectively referred to herein as the Guarantors , and the Issuers and the Guarantors are collectively referred to herein as the Obligor Group . Operations are conducted almost entirely through Smurfit Westrock plc s subsidiaries other than the Issuers and the Subsidiary Guarantors. Accordingly, the Obligor Group s cash flow and ability to service its debt are dependent upon the earnings of Smurfit Westrock plc s other non-obligor subsidiaries (the Non-Obligor Subsidiaries ) and the distribution of those earnings to the Obligor Group, whether by dividends, loans or otherwise. Holders of the New Notes and November 2025 Notes have a direct claim only against the Obligor Group. Basis of Preparation of the Summarized Financial Information The tables below present summarized financial information provided in conformity with Rule 13-01 of the SEC s Regulation S-X. The summarized financial information of the Obligor Group is presented on a combined basis, excluding intercompany balances and transactions between entities in the Obligor Group. The Obligor Group s investment balances in Non-Obligor Subsidiaries have been excluded. The Obligor Group s amounts due from, amounts due to, and transactions with Non-Obligor Subsidiaries have been presented separately. The summarized financial information below should be read in conjunction with the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements contained herein, as the summarized financial information may not necessarily be indicative of the results of operations or financial position had the subsidiaries operated as independent entities ($ in millions). SUMMARIZED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS Year ended December 31, 2025 Net sales to unrelated parties $ 1,445 Net sales to Non-Obligor Subsidiaries 1,162 Gross profit 878 Interest expense, net with unrelated parties (634) Interest expense, net with Non-Obligor Subsidiaries (345) Net income and net income attributable to the Obligor Group 963 62 SUMMARIZED BALANCE SHEETS December 31, December 31, 2025 2024 ASSETS Current amounts due from Non-Obligor Subsidiaries $ 4,571 $ 4,925 Other current assets 1,207 1,049 Total current assets $ 5,778 $ 5,974 Non-current amounts due from Non-Obligor Subsidiaries $ 3,355 $ 2,848 Other non-current assets 918 370 Total non-current assets $ 4,273 $ 3,218 LIABILITIES Current amounts due to Non-Obligor Subsidiaries $ 9,130 $ 9,681 Other current liabilities 482 1,122 Total current liabilities $ 9,612 $ 10,803 Non-current amounts due to Non-Obligor Subsidiaries $ 7,447 $ 6,604 Other non-current liabilities 11,823 9,644 Total non-current liabilities $ 19,270 $ 16,248 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES Smurfit Westrock has prepared the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements in conformity with GAAP, which requires management to make estimates that affect the amounts of revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities reported. Significant accounting policies are described in Note 1. Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements. These critical accounting policies are both important to the portrayal of Smurfit Westrock s financial condition and results of operations and require some of management s most subjective and complex judgments. The accounting for these matters involves the making of estimates based on current facts, circumstances and assumptions that, in management s judgment, could change in a manner that would materially affect management s future estimates with respect to such matters and, accordingly, could cause Smurfit Westrock s future reported financial condition and results of operations to differ materially from those that it is currently reporting based on management s current estimates. Smurfit Westrock believes the following are critical accounting policies and estimates used in the preparation of its Consolidated Financial Statements: Business Combinations From time to time, Smurfit Westrock may enter into business combinations, such as the Combination with WestRock which closed on July 5, 2024. As described further in Note 2. Acquisitions to the Consolidated Financial Statements, Smurfit Westrock allocated the $13,461 million aggregate merger consideration to the fair values of WestRock assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the Closing Date. The excess of the purchase price over the fair value of net assets acquired was allocated to goodwill. 63 The purchase price allocation for the Merger was revised as additional information about the acquisition-date fair value of assets and liabilities became available during the measurement period (a period not to exceed 12 months from the Closing Date). The purchase price allocation was completed during the third quarter of fiscal 2025 after the Company completed the evaluation of the fair value of acquired property, plant and equipment, intangible assets and certain income tax related items in addition to ensuring all other assets and liabilities and contingencies had been identified and recorded. The acquisition method of accounting required significant estimates and assumptions regarding the fair values of the elements of a business combination. The most significant assumptions related to the fair value estimates of plant and machinery assets acquired as part of property, plant and equipment. The company prepared estimates and engaged third-party valuation specialists to assist in the valuation of plant and machinery assets, which required significant judgments and assumptions inherent in the estimates regarding items such as deriving the effective age, economic lives, residual values and other factors, including estimating future cash flows that Smurfit Westrock expects to generate from the acquired assets. If the subsequent actual results and updated projections of the underlying business activity change compared with the assumptions and projections used to develop these values, we could record future impairment charges. In addition, we have estimated the economic lives of certain acquired assets, and these lives are used to calculate depreciation and amortization expense. If the Company s estimates of the economic lives change, depreciation or amortization expenses could be increased or decreased, or the acquired asset could be impaired. See Note 1.13. Business Combinations and Note 2. Acquisitions to the Consolidated Financial Statements for Smurfit Westrock s accounting policy on business combinations and more information on the Combination with WestRock. Goodwill Impairment Smurfit Westrock reviews the carrying value of its goodwill annually during the fourth quarter, or more often if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may exceed fair value as set forth in ASC 350, Intangibles Goodwill and Other ( ASC 350 ). Smurfit Westrock tests goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level. During the third quarter of 2024, following the completion of the Combination, the Company changed its reportable segments and reassessed its reporting units. As a result of this reassessment, the Company identified the following reporting units: (1) North America, which includes operations in the U.S. and Canada, (2) Europe, MEA and APAC, (3) Mexico, (4) Argentina and Chile, (5) Colombia Central Cluster, and (6) Brazil. See Note 1.12. Goodwill and Non-current Assets and Note 10. Goodwill to the Consolidated Financial Statements for Smurfit Westrock s accounting policy on goodwill and more information on reporting units . During the fourth quarter of the year ended December 31, 2025 , Smurfit Westrock completed its annual goodwill impairment testing for each of the Company s reporting units by performing a qualitative assessment. Multiple factors were evaluated to assess whether it was more likely than not that the estimated fair value of any reporting unit was below its carrying value. These factors included, but were not limited to, its expectations for macroeconomic conditions, industry and market considerations, and financial performance, including planned net sales and earnings of each reporting unit. The qualitative assessment also considered changes since the last qualitative assessment of all the Company s reporting units, which was performed in 2024 . As a result of the qualitative assessment, Smurfit Westrock determined that it was more likely than not that the estimated fair value of each reporting unit with goodwill exceeded its respective carrying value. Therefore, the Company determined that goodwill for each reporting unit was not impaired and that a quantitative goodwill test was not required. See Note 10. Goodwill to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information about the Company s annual assessment of goodwill for impairment. Although the Company believes all relevant factors were considered in the qualitative impairment analysis to reach the conclusion that goodwill was not impaired, significant changes in any one of the assumptions, estimates and market factors underlying Smurfit Westrock s fair value determinations could produce a significantly different result potentially leading to the recording of an impairment that could have significant impacts on the results of operations and financial position of the Company. Smurfit Westrock has not made any material changes to its impairment loss assessment methodology during the past three fiscal years. 64 Accounting for Income Taxes Smurfit Westrock s income tax expense, deferred tax assets and liabilities, and liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits, reflect management s best assessment of estimated current and future taxes to be paid. Significant judgments and estimates are required in determining the consolidated income tax expense. In evaluating its ability to recover deferred tax assets and establishing or reducing a valuation allowance in the jurisdiction from which they arise, Smurfit Westrock considers all available positive and negative evidence, including future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences, projected future taxable income, tax planning strategies and the effect of enacted tax rates expected to apply in the periods in which the deferred tax assets or liabilities are anticipated to be settled or realized. A high degree of judgment is required to assess the impact of possible future outcomes on Smurfit Westrock s current and deferred tax positions. As a result of this evaluation, Smurfit Westrock recorded valuation allowances of $429 million as of December 31, 2025 and $372 million as of December 31, 2024 , related to certain deferred tax assets, primarily tax loss carryforwards, where there is uncertainty as to the ultimate realization of a benefit. Smurfit Westrock regularly reviews the recoverability of deferred tax assets for adjustments to taxable income, changes in tax laws or interpretations thereof and tax rates, as all of these could impact its effective tax rate. Smurfit Westrock is subject to routine tax audits and examinations. It uses significant judgment in (i) determining whether a tax position, based solely on its technical merits, is more likely than not to be sustained upon examination and (ii) measuring the tax benefit as the largest amount of benefit that is more likely than not to be realized upon settlement. Smurfit Westrock does not record any benefit for tax positions that do not meet the more likely than not recognition threshold at the balance sheet date. Resolutions of current uncertain tax positions are not expected to have a material adverse effect on the effective tax rate or on cashflows. Smurfit Westrock has a progressive dividend strategy which means that it will remit earnings from some of its overseas subsidiaries to the parent company in Ireland. Its foreign earnings are generally taxed at rates that are higher than in Ireland and so no incremental tax should arise there, due to the availability of foreign tax credits. However, some earnings may be subject to limited additional foreign taxes upon repatriation. Smurfit Westrock continues to indefinitely reinvest its foreign earnings as part of its wider capital allocation strategy. To the extent that it cannot assert indefinite reinvestment of earnings, it records a deferred tax liability on its foreign earnings at the applicable tax rate if it is not otherwise possible to remit earnings without additional tax. As of December 31, 2025 and 2024 , Smurfit Westrock recognized a deferred tax liability of $209 million and $179 million , respectively, on unremitted earnings, in respect of foreign income taxes or withholding taxes for expected or assumed repatriation, respectively. As Smurfit Westrock can decide which subsidiaries should pay dividends, it does not expect that this deferred tax liability will have a material impact on its cash flows in the foreseeable future. The determination of the amount of unrecognized deferred tax liability related to indefinitely invested foreign earnings not subject to additional outside basis difference taxes is not practicable. A 1% change in the effective tax rate would increase or decrease Smurfit Westrock s income tax expense for the year ended December 31, 2025 by $10 million . In 2021, political agreement was reached by the OECD Inclusive Framework on a two-pillar approach to international tax reform. This includes the commitment to introduce a minimum effective tax rate of 15% for companies with revenue above 750 million ( Pillar Two ). The agreement has been enacted in most of the countries where Smurfit Westrock has business activities. The law was enacted in Ireland with an effective date January 1, 2024, and it was broadly in line with the OECD Inclusive Framework. For the year ended December 31, 2025 , a Pillar Two assessment was performed and its impact was not significant. The Company has made accounting policy elections to account for the income tax effect(s) of U.S. Global Intangible Low-Taxed Income (GILTI) as a period cost and to account for the income tax effect(s) of investment tax credits under the flow-through method. 65 Pension Obligations The determination of pension obligations and pension expense requires various assumptions that can significantly affect liability and expense amounts, such as the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets, discount rates, projected future compensation increases and mortality rates for each of Smurfit Westrock s plans. These assumptions are determined annually in conjunction with Smurfit Westrock s actuary. The accounting for these matters involves the making of estimates based on current facts, circumstances and assumptions that, in management s judgment, could change in a manner that would materially affect management s future estimates with respect to such matters and, accordingly, could cause Smurfit Westrock s future reported financial condition and results of operations to differ materially from those that Smurfit Westrock is currently reporting based on management s current estimates. A 50-basis point change in the discount rate, compensation level and expected long-term rate of return on plan assets, factoring in our corridor as appropriate, would have had the following effect on Smurfit Westrock s pension expense for the year ended December 31, 2025 , (in millions): Defined Benefit Pension Plans 50 Basis Point Increase 50 Basis Point Decrease Discount rate $ 8 $ (8) Compensation level 1 (1) Expected long-term rate of return on plan assets (35) 35 NEW ACCOUNTING STANDARDS See Note 1. Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of the Notes to t he Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a full description of recent accounting pronouncements, including the respective expected dates of adoption and expected effects on Smurfit Westrock s results of operations and financial condition. Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk Smurfit Westrock is exposed to market risk from changes in, among other things, interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, and commodity prices. See Item 1A. Risk Factors for additional information. Smurfit Westrock aims to identify and understand these risks and then implement strategies to manage them. When evaluating these strategies, Smurfit Westrock evaluates the fundamentals of each market, the Company s sensitivity to movements in pricing, and underlying accounting and business implications. The sensitivity analyses presented below do not consider the effect of possible adverse changes in the general economy, nor do they consider additional actions we may take to mitigate the Company s exposure to such changes. Smurfit Westrock may not be successful in managing these risks. Interest Rate Risk Smurfit Westrock is exposed to changes in interest rates on its variable rate debt. Interest rate changes generally do not affect the market value of such debt, but do impact the amount of interest payments and, therefore, Smurfit Westrock s future earnings and cash flows, assuming other factors are held constant. Smurfit Westrock had fixed an average of 88% of its interest cost on borrowings over the following 12 months at both December 31, 2025 and 2024 . Holding all other variables constant, if interest rates for variable rate borrowings increased by 1% Smurfit Westrock s interest expense would increase, and income before taxes would decrease, by approximately $17 million over the following 12 months for both years. Interest income on cash balances would increase by approximately $9 million assuming a 1% increase in interest rates earned on such balances over the following 12 months for both years. 66 Foreign Exchange Risk Smurfit Westrock manages its balance sheet having regard to the currency exposures arising from its assets being denominated in a wide range of currencies. To this end, where foreign currency assets are funded by local borrowing, such borrowing is generally sourced in the currency of the related assets. Smurfit Westrock is exposed to transactional foreign exchange currency risk to the extent that there is a mismatch between the currencies in which sales, purchases, receivables and borrowings are denominated and the respective functional currencies of the Smurfit Westrock group companies. Smurfit Westrock hedges a portion of its currency exposure through the use of currency swaps and forward contracts. Smurfit Westrock s risk management policy allows the hedging of estimated foreign currency exposure in respect of highly probable forecast sales and purchases. As such, certain subsidiaries enter into foreign currency forward contracts to hedge highly probable forecast foreign currency sales and purchases for which hedge accounting is applied. Smurfit Westrock operates in markets both inside and outside of the U.S. and derived 54% and 65% of net sales for the year ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 , respectively, from outside the U.S. through international operations, some of which were transacted in U.S. dollars. The decrease in concentration from outside the U.S. was due to the full year impact of the Combination. No single country other than the U.S. represented more than 10% of our net sales. Although the Company is impacted by the exchange rates of a number of currencies, its largest net assets exposures for the year ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 included the euro, the Mexican peso, the Canadian dollar, the Brazilian real, the pound sterling, and the Colombian peso. Strengthening of the U.S. dollar exchange rate by 1% against all other foreign currencies from the December 31, 2025 rate would reduce shareholders equity by approximately $114 mi llion compared to $101 million at December 31, 2024 . Commodity Price Risk Smurfit Westrock is exposed to commodity price risks through its dependence on recovered paper, the principal raw material used in the manufacture of recycled containerboard and virgin fiber which is the principal raw material that Smurfit Westrock uses in the production of a portion of the Company s containerboard, bleached paperboard and market pulp. The price of recovered paper is dependent on both demand and supply conditions. Demand conditions include the production of recycled containerboard in Europe and North America and the demand for recovered paper for the production of recycled containerboard outside of Europe, principally in Asia. Supply conditions include the rate of recovery of recovered paper, itself dependent on historical pricing related to the cost of recovery, and some slight seasonal variations. While virgin fiber prices have generally been more stable than recycled fiber prices, they still fluctuate, particularly due to significant changes in weather, such as during prolonged periods of heavy rain or drought, or during housing construction slowdowns or accelerations. The cost of producing Smurfit Westrock s products is also sensitive to the price of energy. Smurfit Westrock s main energy exposure is to the cost of gas and electricity. Smurfit Westrock s energy costs increased by 45% in the year ended December 31, 2025 , when compared to the year ended December 31, 2024 , which was primarily a result of 2025 being the first full year of costs after the Combination with WestRock. Smurfit Westrock s energy costs increased by 25% in the year ended December 31, 2024 , when compared to the year ended December 31, 2023 , as a result of the Combination with WestRock, partially offset by lower energy market prices for legacy Smurfit Kappa operations . The objective of our commodity exposure management is to minimize volatility in earnings due to large fluctuations in the price of commodities. To manage commodity price risk, Smurfit Westrock may enter physical commodity contracts or financial derivative contracts to manage risks associated with fluctuating energy costs. The timeframe for such programs can be up to three years. We have elected to apply the normal purchase normal sales ( NPNS ) scope exception, where appropriate, for physical commodity contracts that meet the criteria of derivatives under ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging ( ASC 815 ) . As such, Smurfit Westrock is not required to apply derivative accounting treatment as required by ASC 815 to these physical commodity transactions. 67 Certain of our financial derivative contracts are designated as cash flow hedges, with changes in the fair value of these contracts being accounted for in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss in Shareholders Equity. The resulting gain or loss is reclassified into Cost of goods sold in the Consolidated Statements of Operations concurrently with the recognition of the commodity. Certain of our financial derivative contracts do not qualify for hedge accounting but are effective economic hedges. As of December 31, 2025 , the fair value of financial derivatives contracts and the impact of a hypothetical 10% adverse move in market prices on the fair values are immaterial. 68 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data INDEX TO AUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF SMURFIT WESTROCK PLC Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Auditor Name KPMG , Auditor Location: Dublin, Ireland , PCAOB ID: 1116 ) 69 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024 71 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2025 , December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 72 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the years ended December 31, 2025 , December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 73 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2025 , December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 74 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the years ended December 31, 2025 , December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 75 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 76 69 Repo rt of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Stockholders and Board of Directors Smurfit Westrock Public Limited Company: Opinions on the Consolidated Financial Statements and Internal Control Over Financial Reporting We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Smurfit Westrock Public Limited Company and subsidiaries ( the Company ) as of December, 31, 2025, and December 31, 2024, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), cash flows and changes in equity for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2025, and the related notes collectively, the consolidated financial statements. We also have audited the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December, 31, 2025, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December, 31, 2025 and 2024, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three- year period ended December 31, 2025 in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025 based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Basis for Opinions The Company s management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements and an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding 70 Repo rt of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Critical Audit Matter The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. Evaluation of the qualitative goodwill impairment indicator assessment As described in Note 10 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s goodwill balance as of December 31, 2025 was $7,218 million. The Company reviews the carrying value of its goodwill annually during the fourth quarter, or more often if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may exceed fair value. During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2025, the Company performed a qualitative impairment test at the reporting unit level. We identified the selection and evaluation of qualitative goodwill impairment indicators, or qualitative factors, for the (i) North America (including US and Canada) and (ii) Europe, MEA and APAC reporting units as a critical audit matter. Key qualitative factors included projected gross domestic product, inflation, compound annual growth rates, recovered fiber, energy costs and the Company s forecasted financial performance. The key qualitative factors could have had a significant effect on the Company s qualitative assessment and the potential for the need to perform a quantitative goodwill impairment test. Subjective auditor judgment was required to evaluate the key qualitative factors. The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter: We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls related to the Company s goodwill impairment assessment process, including controls related to the selection and analysis of potential qualitative factors. We evaluated the relevance and reliability of key qualitative factors, specifically, projected gross domestic product, inflation, compound annual growth rate, recovered fiber and energy costs selected by the Company and assessed the reasonableness of these qualitative factors against publicly available economic, industry and market data or actual costs as appropriate. We evaluated the reasonableness of the Company s forecasted financial performance by comparing this to actual historical financial performance reported by the respective reporting units. We challenged the key underlying assumptions (projected revenue, energy and recovered fiber cost factors) by performing a sensitivity analysis on the Company s forecasted financial performan ce. /s/ KPMG We have served as the Company s auditor since 2018. Dublin, Ireland February 27, 2026 71 Smurfit Westrock plc Consolidated Balance Sheets (in millions, except share and per share dat a) December 31, 2025 December 31, 2024 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents (amounts related to consolidated variable interest entities of $ 3 million and $ 2 million at December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024 , respectively) $ 892 $ 855 Accounts receivable, net (amounts related to consolidated variable interest entities of $ 876 million and $ 767 million at December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024 , respectively) 4,268 4,117 Inventories 3,693 3,550 Other current assets 1,586 1,533 Total current assets 10,439 10,055 Property, plant and equipment, net 23,232 22,675 Goodwill 7,218 6,822 Intangibles, net 1,059 1,117 Prepaid pension asset 616 635 Other non-current assets (amounts related to consolidated variable interest entities of $ 393 million and $ 389 million at December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024 , respectively) 2,593 2,455 Total assets $ 45,157 $ 43,759 Liabilities and Equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable $ 3,597 $ 3,290 Accrued expenses 601 715 Accrued compensation and benefits 997 882 Current portion of debt 346 1,053 Other current liabilities 1,523 1,393 Total current liabilities 7,064 7,333 Non-current debt due after one year (amounts related to consolidated variable interest entities of $ 376 million and $ 8 million at December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024 , respectively) 13,427 12,542 Deferred tax liabilities 3,297 3,600 Pension liabilities and other postretirement benefits, net of current portion 697 706 Other non-current liabilities (amounts related to consolidated variable interest entities of $ 335 million and $ 335 million at December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024 , respectively) 2,318 2,191 Total liabilities 26,803 26,372 Commitments and Contingencies (Note 21) Equity: Preferred stock, $ 0.001 par value; 500,000,000 shares authorized; 10,000 shares outstanding Common stock, $ 0.001 par value; 9,500,000,000 shares authorized; 522,310,486 and 520,444,261 shares outstanding at December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024 , respectively 1 1 Deferred shares, 1 par value; 25,000 shares authorized; Nil and 25,000 shares outstanding at December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024 , respectively Treasury stock, at cost; 1,449,320 and 2,037,589 common stock at December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024 , respectively ( 64 ) ( 93 ) Capital in excess of par value 16,083 15,948 Accumulated other comprehensive loss ( 348 ) ( 1,446 ) Retained earnings 2,655 2,950 Total shareholders equity 18,327 17,360 Noncontrolling interests 27 27 Total equity 18,354 17,387 Total liabilities and equity $ 45,157 $ 43,759 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 72 Smurfit Westrock plc Consolidated Statements of Operations (in millions, except per share data) Years ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 Net sales $ 31,179 $ 21,109 $ 12,093 Cost of goods sold ( 25,136 ) ( 16,914 ) ( 9,039 ) Gross profit 6,043 4,195 3,054 Selling, general and administrative expenses ( 3,819 ) ( 2,737 ) ( 1,572 ) Impairment and restructuring costs ( 385 ) ( 56 ) ( 32 ) Transaction and integration-related expenses associated with the Combination ( 120 ) ( 395 ) ( 78 ) Operating profit 1,719 1,007 1,372 Interest expense, net ( 729 ) ( 398 ) ( 139 ) Pension and other postretirement non-service income (expense), net 30 ( 24 ) ( 49 ) Other expense, net ( 61 ) ( 25 ) ( 46 ) Income before income taxes 959 560 1,138 Income tax expense ( 260 ) ( 241 ) ( 312 ) Net income 699 319 826 Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests ( 1 ) Net income attributable to common shareholders $ 699 $ 319 $ 825 Basic earnings per share attributable to common shareholders $ 1.34 $ 0.83 $ 3.19 Diluted earnings per share attributable to common shareholders $ 1.33 $ 0.82 $ 3.17 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 73 Smurfit Westrock plc Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) (in millions) Years ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 Net income $ 699 $ 319 $ 826 Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: Foreign currency translation gain (loss) 1,219 ( 895 ) 410 Defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans ( 120 ) 87 ( 53 ) Net (loss) gain on cash flow hedges ( 1 ) 5 Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax 1,098 ( 808 ) 362 Comprehensive income (loss) 1,797 ( 489 ) 1,188 Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests ( 1 ) Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to common shareholders $ 1,797 $ ( 489 ) $ 1,187 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 74 Smurfit Westrock plc Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (in millions ) Years ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 Operating activities: Net income $ 699 $ 319 $ 826 Adjustments to reconcile consolidated net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation, depletion and amortization 2,550 1,464 580 Cash surrender value increase in excess of premiums paid ( 44 ) ( 17 ) Impairment charges 246 24 5 Share-based compensation expense 139 206 66 Deferred income tax benefit ( 190 ) ( 137 ) ( 28 ) Pension and other postretirement funding more than cost ( 111 ) ( 55 ) ( 39 ) Other 32 28 ( 10 ) Change in operating assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions and divestitures: Accounts receivable 164 ( 144 ) 245 Inventories 35 62 220 Other assets ( 2 ) ( 31 ) 43 Accounts payable ( 23 ) ( 273 ) ( 260 ) Income taxes ( 71 ) ( 5 ) ( 99 ) Accrued liabilities and other ( 32 ) 42 10 Net cash provided by operating activities 3,392 1,483 1,559 Investing activities: Capital expenditures ( 2,192 ) ( 1,466 ) ( 929 ) Cash paid for purchase of businesses, net of cash acquired ( 6 ) ( 719 ) ( 29 ) Proceeds from corporate owned life insurance 26 5 Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment 12 61 17 Other 17 5 10 Net cash used for investing activities ( 2,143 ) ( 2,114 ) ( 931 ) Financing activities: Additions to debt 1,989 5,707 88 Repayments of debt ( 1,841 ) ( 4,321 ) ( 136 ) Debt issuance costs ( 20 ) ( 63 ) Changes in commercial paper, net ( 391 ) 1 Other debt (repayments) additions, net ( 18 ) 2 ( 4 ) Repayments of finance lease liabilities ( 43 ) ( 22 ) ( 3 ) Tax paid in connection with shares withheld from employees ( 69 ) ( 26 ) Purchases of treasury stock ( 27 ) ( 30 ) Cash dividends paid to shareholders ( 900 ) ( 650 ) ( 391 ) Other ( 5 ) 6 ( 3 ) Net cash (used for) provided by financing activities ( 1,298 ) 607 ( 479 ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 86 ( 121 ) 10 Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 37 ( 145 ) 159 Cash and cash equivalents at January 1 855 1,000 841 Cash and cash equivalents at December 31 $ 892 $ 855 $ 1,000 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 75 Smurfit Westrock plc Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity (in millions, except per share data) Shares of Common Stock Common Stock Capital in Excess of Par Value Treasury Stock Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total Shareholders' Equity Noncontrolling Interest ( NCI ) Total Balance at December 31, 2022 (1) 259 $ $ 3,528 $ ( 78 ) $ 3,087 $ ( 1,209 ) $ 5,328 $ 15 $ 5,343 Net income 825 825 1 826 Other comprehensive income, net of tax 362 362 362 Share-based compensation 64 64 64 Issuance of common stock 1 Purchases of treasury stock ( 30 ) ( 30 ) ( 30 ) Shares distributed by Smurfit Kappa Employee Trust ( 17 ) 17 Dividends declared ($ 1.50 per share) ( 391 ) ( 391 ) ( 391 ) Balance at December 31, 2023 260 3,575 ( 91 ) 3,521 ( 847 ) 6,158 16 6,174 Net income 319 319 319 Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ( 808 ) ( 808 ) ( 808 ) Share-based compensation 200 200 200 Shares distributed by Smurfit Kappa Employee Trust ( 25 ) 25 Purchases of treasury stock ( 27 ) ( 27 ) ( 27 ) Shares of Smurfit Westrock common stock issued to WestRock shareholders and NCI assumed as a result of the Merger 258 1 12,098 12,099 11 12,110 Converted WestRock RSUs and Options attributable to pre- Combination services 91 91 91 Issuance of common stock net of tax paid in connection with shares withheld from employees 2 4 ( 26 ) ( 22 ) ( 22 ) Reclassification from retained earnings to accumulated other comprehensive loss ( 209 ) 209 Dividends declared ( $ 1.89 per share) (2) 5 ( 655 ) ( 650 ) ( 650 ) Balance at December 31, 2024 520 1 15,948 ( 93 ) 2,950 ( 1,446 ) 17,360 27 17,387 Net income 699 699 699 Other comprehensive income, net of tax 1,098 1,098 1,098 Share-based compensation 137 137 137 Shares distributed by Smurfit Kappa Employee Trust ( 18 ) 18 Issuance of common stock net of tax paid in connection with shares withheld from employees 2 2 ( 69 ) ( 67 ) ( 67 ) Cancellation of deferred shares by Smurfit Kappa Employee Trust 11 ( 11 ) Dividends declared ( $ 1.72 per share) (2) 14 ( 914 ) ( 900 ) ( 900 ) Balance at December 31, 2025 522 $ 1 $ 16,083 $ ( 64 ) $ 2,655 $ ( 348 ) $ 18,327 $ 27 $ 18,354 (1) Pursuant to the Transaction Agreement, on July 5, 2024 each issued ordinary share, par value 0.001 per share, of Smurfit Kappa (a Smurfit Kappa Share ) was exchanged for one ordinary share, par value $ 0.001 per share, of Smurfit Westrock (a Smurfit Westrock Share ). The exchange of shares is reflected retroactively to the earliest period presented. (2) Includes cash dividends and dividend equivalent units declared on certain unvested share-based payment awards. The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 76 Smurfit Westrock plc Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (in millions, exc ep t p er share data) 1. Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 1.1. Description of Business Unless the context otherwise requires, or unless indicated otherwise, we , us , our , Smurfit Westrock and the Company refer to the business of Smurfit Westrock plc , its wholly-owned subsidiaries and its partially-owned consolidated subsidiaries. Smurfit Westrock plc is a company limited by shares that is incorporated in Ireland. We are a multinational provider of sustainable fiber-based paper and packaging solutions. We partner with our customers to provide differentiated, sustainable paper and packaging solutions that enhance our customers prospects of success in their markets. Our team members support customers around the world from our operating and business locations in North America, South America, Europe, Asia, Africa, and Australia. Pursuant to a transaction agreement dated as of September 12, 2023 (the Transaction Agreement ), among Smurfit Westrock, Smurfit Kappa Group plc (re-registered as Smurfit Kappa Group Limited) ( Smurfit Kappa ), WestRock Company ( WestRock ) and Sun Merger Sub, LLC ( Merger Sub ) the following was completed (i) Smurfit Westrock acquired Smurfit Kappa by means of a scheme of arrangement under the Irish Companies Act (the Smurfit Kappa Share Exchange ) and (ii) Merger Sub merged with and into WestRock, with WestRock continuing as the surviving entity (the Merger and, together with the Smurfit Kappa Share Exchange, the Combination ). The Combination closed on July 5, 2024 (the Closing Date ). Upon the completion of the Combination, Smurfit Kappa and WestRock each became wholly-owned subsidiaries of Smurfit Westrock. 1.2. Basis of Presentation and Principles of Consolidation Other than activities related to its formation and in anticipation of the Combination, Smurfit Westrock did not conduct any operations from its incorporation until completion of the Combination. Given the non-operational nature of Smurfit Westrock prior to the Combination, the Smurfit Kappa Share Exchange is not considered a business combination and does not give rise to any goodwill or adjustments to accounting basis. The Consolidated Financial Statements of Smurfit Westrock following the Smurfit Kappa Share Exchange are a continuation of the financial statements of Smurfit Kappa. The comparative financial information presented in these Consolidated Financial Statements reflect the pre-Combination carrying values of Smurfit Kappa with the legal share capital retroactively adjusted to reflect the legal capital of Smurfit Westrock as the successor after giving effect to the Smurfit Kappa Share Exchange. The Merger is recognized as a business combination under Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) 805, Business Combinations ( ASC 805 ). Smurfit Kappa was determined to be the accounting acquirer of WestRock. Accordingly, the financial statements reflected in these Consolidated Financial Statements include WestRock's financial position and results of operations for the period subsequent to the completion of the Combination on July 5, 2024. Refer to Note 2. Acquisitions for additional information related to the accounting for the Combination. The Consolidated Financial Statements have been derived from the historical accounting records of the Company and were prepared in accordance with United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles ( U.S. GAAP ). The Company s fiscal year end is December 31. The reporting currency is the United States dollar ( the U.S. dollar ). The Consolidated Financial Statements include the accounts of Smurfit Westrock plc , and our wholly and partially owned subsidiaries for which we have a controlling financial interest, including variable interest entities for which we are the primary beneficiary. We have eliminated all intercompany accounts and transactions. The Company consolidates entities in which it has a controlling financial interest based on either the Variable Interest Entity ( VIE ) or voting interest model. 77 Smurfit Westrock plc Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (in millions, exc ep t p er share data) The Company consolidates entities that are VIEs when the Company determines it is the primary beneficiary. Generally, the primary beneficiary of a VIE is a reporting entity that has (a) the power to direct the activities that most significantly affect the VIE s economic performance, and (b) the obligation to absorb losses of, or the right to receive benefits from, the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE. Due to rounding, numbers presented throughout this document may not add up precisely to the totals provided and percentages may not precisely reflect the absolute figures. 1.3. Reclassifications and Adjustments During the year ended December 31, 2025 , we changed the presentation of our debt footnote to present the unamortized fair value adjustments , debt discounts and premiums as a single line, alongside debt issuance costs. Previously, these items were included within the carrying amounts of each facility. Prior year amounts in Note 15. Debt have been reclassified to conform to the current period presentation. This change affected presentation only and had no impact on total assets, liabilities, stockholders equity, net income, or cash flo ws. 1.4. Use of Estimates The preparation of Consol