=== FAST_2026-02-25.htm.gz ===
fast-20260225 0000815556 DEF 14A FALSE iso4217:USD 0000815556 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000815556 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0000815556 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0000815556 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0000815556 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0000815556 ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000815556 ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000815556 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000815556 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000815556 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000815556 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000815556 ecd:VstngDtFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdAndVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000815556 ecd:VstngDtFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdAndVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000815556 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000815556 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000815556 ecd:FrValAsOfPrrYrEndOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsFldVstngCondsDrngCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000815556 ecd:FrValAsOfPrrYrEndOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsFldVstngCondsDrngCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000815556 ecd:DvddsOrOthrErngsPdOnEqtyAwrdsNtOthrwsRflctdInTtlCompForCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000815556 ecd:DvddsOrOthrErngsPdOnEqtyAwrdsNtOthrwsRflctdInTtlCompForCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000815556 4 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000815556 5 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000815556 ecd:PeoMember 1 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000815556 fast:CFOMember 1 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000815556 ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 1 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000815556 ecd:PeoMember 2 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000815556 fast:CFOMember 3 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000815556 ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000815556 fast:CFOMember 2 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, DC 20549 SCHEDULE 14A (Rule 14a-101) INFORMATION REQUIRED IN PROXY STATEMENT SCHEDULE 14A INFORMATION Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, For Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) x Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material under 240.14a-12 Fastenal Co mpany (Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if Other Than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check all boxes that apply): No fee required Fee paid previously with preliminary materials Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11 2001 Theurer Boulevard Winona, Minnesota 55987-0978 (507) 454-5374 February 25, 2026 Dear Fellow Shareholders: I am pleased to invite you to attend our annual meeting to be held at the Remlinger Muscle Car Museum located at 3560 Service Drive, Winona, Minnesota, 55987, commencing at 10:00 a.m., central time, on Thursday, April 23, 2026. The following notice of annual meeting and the proxy statement describe the matters to come before the annual meeting. During the annual meeting, we will also review the activities of the past year and items of general interest about Fastenal and will be pleased to answer your questions. This year we are again taking advantage of a Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) rule allowing us to furnish our proxy materials over the internet. If you are a shareholder who holds shares in an account with a broker (also referred to as shares held in street name), you will receive a notice regarding availability of proxy materials from your broker. The notice will tell you how you can access our proxy materials and provide voting instructions to your broker over the internet. It will also tell you how to request a paper or e-mail copy of our proxy materials. If you are a shareholder whose shares are registered directly in your name with our transfer agent, Equiniti Trust Company, LLC (a registered shareholder), you will continue to receive a copy of our proxy materials by mail as in previous years. We hope that you will be able to attend the annual meeting in person. Whether or not you plan to attend the meeting, your vote is important and we encourage you to vote by completing and returning the enclosed proxy promptly. Sincerely, Scott A. Satterlee Chair of the Board FASTENAL COMPANY Notice of Annual Meeting of Shareholders DATE TIME Thursday, April 23, 2026 at 10:00 a.m. (central time) PLACE Remlinger Muscle Car Museum 3560 Service Drive Winona, Minnesota 55987 ITEMS OF BUSINESS 1. The election of a board of directors consisting of 11 members to serve until the next regular meeting of shareholders and until their successors have been duly elected and qualified. 2. The ratification of the appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for the year ending December 31, 2026. 3. An advisory vote on a non-binding resolution to approve the compensation of certain of our executive officers disclosed in this proxy statement. 4. The approval of the Fastenal Company Employee Restricted Stock Unit Plan. 5. The approval of the Fastenal Company Non-Employee Director Stock and Restricted Unit Plan. 6. The consideration of a shareholder proposal relating to an EEO-1 report disclosure policy, if properly presented at the annual meeting. 7. The transaction of such other business as may properly be brought before the annual meeting. RECORD DATE You may vote at the annual meeting if you were a shareholder of record at the close of business on February 23, 2026. VOTING BY PROXY YOUR VOTE IS IMPORTANT Your proxy is important to ensure a quorum at the annual meeting. Even if you own only a few shares, and whether or not you plan to attend the meeting, please follow the instructions you received to vote your shares as soon as possible to ensure that your shares are represented at the meeting. Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Shareholder Meeting to be held on April 23, 2026: The notice, proxy statement, and 2025 annual report are available at www.proxyvote.com. By Order of the Board of Directors, John J. Milek Vice President General Counsel Winona, Minnesota February 25, 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Proxies are being solicited by the board of directors of Fastenal Company (hereinafter referred to as Fastenal or by terms such as we, our, or us) for use in connection with the annual meeting to be held on Thursday, April 23, 2026 at 3560 Service Drive, Winona, Minnesota, 55987, commencing at 10:00 a.m., central time, and at any adjournments thereof. The mailing address of our principal executive office is 2001 Theurer Boulevard, Winona, Minnesota 55987-0978 and our telephone number is (507) 454-5374. The mailing of this proxy statement and our board of directors' form of proxy to shareholders whose shares are registered directly in their names with our transfer agent (registered shareholders) will commence on or about March 13, 2026. The mailing of the notice regarding availability of proxy materials to our shareholders who hold shares in accounts with brokers (also referred to as shares held in street name) will commence on or about the same date. TABLE OF CONTENTS General information about the meeting and voting 2 Proposal #1 Election of directors 5 Corporate governance and director compensation 9 Proposal #2 Ratification of appointment of independent registered public accounting firm 20 Audit and related matters 20 Proposal #3 An advisory vote on a non-binding resolution to approve the compensation of our named executive officers disclosed in this proxy statement 22 Executive compensation 22 Proposal #4 Vote to approve the Employee Restricted Stock Unit Plan 43 Proposal #5 Vote to approve the Non-Employee Director Stock and Restricted Stock Unit Plan 46 Proposal #6 Shareholder proposal relating to an EEO-1 report disclosure policy 50 Security ownership of principal shareholders and management 52 Additional matters 54 Householding 54 Deadlines for receipt of shareholder proposals and nominations for the 2027 annual meeting 55 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This proxy statement contains forward-looking information within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 that is subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected, expressed, or implied by such forward-looking information. Risks and uncertainties that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed in Item 1A, 'Risk Factors' included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, as may be updated in our subsequent filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC). To the extent permitted under applicable law, we assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information or future events. SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING PRESENTATION On April 23, 2025, we announced a two-for-one stock split of our outstanding common stock. Holders of our common stock, par value $0.01 per share, at the close of business on May 5, 2025, received one additional share of common stock for every share of common stock they owned. The stock split took effect at the close of business on May 21, 2025. All historical common stock share, per share information, and stock option awards for all periods presented in this document have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the two-for-one stock split. -1- Table of Contents GENERAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETING AND VOTING What am I voting on? These are the proposals scheduled to be voted on at the annual meeting: Election of all 11 directors (Proposal #1); Ratification of the appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC) LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for 2026 (Proposal #2); Adoption of a resolution approving, on an advisory, non-binding basis, the compensation of certain of our executive officers (Proposal #3); Approval of the Fastenal Company Employee Restricted Stock Unit Plan (Proposal #4); Approval of the Fastenal Company Non-Employee Director Stock and Restricted Stock Unit Plan (Proposal #5); and Consideration of a shareholder proposal relating to an EEO-1 report disclosure policy (Proposal #6). Who is entitled to vote? The common stock of Fastenal, par value $0.01 per share, is our only authorized and issued voting security. At the close of business on February 23, 2026, there were 1,148,328,513 shares of common stock issued and outstanding, each of which is entitled to one vote. Only shareholders of record at the close of business on February 23, 2026 will be entitled to vote at the annual meeting or any adjournments thereof. What constitutes a quorum? The presence at the annual meeting, in person or by proxy, of the holders of a majority of the shares of common stock outstanding at the close of business on the record date will constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at the meeting. How many votes are required to approve each proposal? Election of Directors As is the case this year, where the number of nominees does not exceed the number of directors to be elected, directors are elected by a majority of the votes cast. This means that each director must receive more votes for his or her election than votes against in order to be elected. If an incumbent director fails to receive a sufficient number of votes to be elected, he or she must promptly offer to resign, the nominating and corporate governance committee will make a recommendation on the resignation offer, and the board must accept or reject the offer within 90 days and publicly disclose its decision and rationale. Shareholders do not have the right to cumulate their votes in the election of directors. Ratification of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm The affirmative vote of the holders of the greater of (1) a majority of the shares of common stock present in person or by proxy at the annual meeting and entitled to vote or (2) a majority of the minimum number of shares entitled to vote that would constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at the annual meeting is required for approval of Proposal #2. Approval of Executive Compensation The vote to approve our executive compensation is advisory and not binding on our board of directors. However, our board will consider our shareholders to have approved our executive compensation if the number of votes 'FOR' Proposal #3 exceeds the number of votes 'AGAINST' Proposal #3. Approval of Employee Restricted Stock Unit Plan The affirmative vote of the holders of the greater of (1) a majority of the shares of common stock present in person or by proxy at the annual meeting and entitled to vote or (2) a majority of the minimum number of shares entitled to vote that would constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at the annual meeting is required for approval of Proposal #4. Approval of Non-Employee Director Stock and Restricted Stock Unit Plan The affirmative vote of the holders of the greater of (1) a majority of the shares of common stock present in person or by proxy at the annual meeting and entitled to vote or (2) a majority of the minimum number of shares entitled to vote that would constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at the annual meeting is required for approval of Proposal #5. Shareholder Proposal The affirmative vote of the holders of the greater of (1) a majority of the shares of common stock present in person or by proxy at the annual meeting and entitled to vote or (2) a majority of the minimum number of shares entitled to vote that would constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at the annual meeting is required for the approval of Proposal #6. -2- Table of Contents How are votes counted? You may vote 'FOR', 'AGAINST' or 'ABSTAIN' on each proposal. Abstentions will be counted as present for purposes of determining the existence of a quorum. If you abstain from voting on any proposal other than the election of directors or the approval of executive compensation, it has the same effect as a vote against the proposal. An abstention will not have any effect on the outcome of the election of directors or on the approval of executive compensation. If you sign and submit a proxy card without voting instructions, your shares will be voted 'FOR' each director nominee, and 'FOR' or 'AGAINST' any other proposal as recommended by the board (or, if there is no recommendation of the board on a Proposal, your shares will be voted 'ABSTAIN' on such Proposal). What is a broker non-vote? If shareholders do not give their brokers instructions as to how to vote shares held in street name, the brokers have discretionary authority to vote those shares on 'routine' matters, which include Proposal #2, but not on 'non-routine' proposals, which include Proposals #1, #3, #4, #5, and #6. As a result, if you hold your shares in street name and do not provide voting instructions to your broker, your shares will not be voted on any proposal on which your broker does not have discretionary authority to vote. This is sometimes called a broker non-vote. Shares held by brokers who do not have discretionary authority to vote on a particular matter and who have not received voting instructions from their customers will be counted as present for the purpose of determining whether there is a quorum at the annual meeting, but will not be counted or deemed to be present in person or by proxy and entitled to vote for the purpose of determining whether our shareholders have approved that matter. How does the board recommend that I vote? Fastenal's board recommends that you vote your shares: 'FOR' each of the nominees to the board named in this proxy statement; 'FOR' the ratification of the appointment of PwC LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for 2026; 'FOR' the adoption of a resolution approving, on an advisory, non-binding basis, the compensation of certain of our executive officers; 'FOR' the approval of the Fastenal Company Employee Restricted Stock Unit Plan; and 'FOR' the approval of the Fastenal Company Non-Employee Director Stock and Restricted Stock Unit Plan. The board makes no recommendation as to how shareholders vote on the adoption of the shareholder proposal. How do I vote my shares without attending the annual meeting? Registered Shareholders If you are a registered shareholder, you may vote without attending the annual meeting by telephone, over the internet, or by mail as described below. To vote: By telephone: (1) call toll-free 1-800-690-6903, 24 hours a day, seven days a week, until 11:59 p.m., eastern time, on April 22, 2026, (2) have your proxy card available, and (3) follow the instructions provided; Over the internet: (1) go to www.proxyvote.com, 24 hours a day, seven days a week, until 11:59 p.m., eastern time, on April 22, 2026, (2) have your proxy card available, and (3) follow the instructions provided; or By mail: (1) mark, date, and sign the enclosed proxy card, and (2) return the proxy card in the enclosed postage-paid envelope to Vote Processing, c/o Broadridge, 51 Mercedes Way, Edgewood, New York 11717. You should sign your name exactly as it appears on the proxy card. If you are signing the proxy card in a representative capacity (for example, as guardian, executor, trustee, custodian, attorney or officer of a corporation), you should indicate your name and title or capacity. Shares held jointly by two or more registered shareholders may be voted by any joint owner, unless we receive written notice from another joint owner denying the authority of the first joint owner to vote those shares. Shares Held in Street Name If you hold your shares in street name, you will receive a notice regarding availability of proxy materials that will tell you how to access our proxy materials and provide voting instructions to your broker over the internet. It will also tell you how to request a paper or e-mail copy of our proxy materials. As noted above, if you hold your shares in street name and do not provide voting instructions to your broker, your shares will not be voted on any proposals on which your broker does not have discretionary authority to vote. Shares Held in the Fastenal Company and Subsidiaries 401(k) and Employee Stock Ownership Plan (401(k) plan) If you participate in our 401(k) plan and have investments in the Fastenal stock fund, you will receive instructions from the trustee of the plan that you must follow in order for shares attributable to your account to be voted. The trustee will vote shares for which no directions have been received by April 20, 2026, and shares not credited to any participant's account, in proportion to votes cast by participants who have timely responded. -3- Table of Contents How do I vote my shares in person at the annual meeting? If you are a registered shareholder and prefer to vote your shares at the annual meeting, bring the enclosed proxy card or proof of identification. You may vote shares held in street name only if you obtain and bring to the annual meeting a signed proxy from the record holder (broker or other nominee) giving you the right to vote the shares. Shares attributable to your account in our 401(k) plan may not be voted by you in person at the annual meeting and you must follow the instructions provided by your broker for any shares held in street name to be able to participate and vote at the annual meeting. We encourage you to vote in advance by telephone, over the internet, or by mail so that your vote will be counted if you later decide not to attend the meeting. If you are a registered shareholder who wishes to vote in person at the annual meeting and have previously submitted a proxy, you must deliver to an officer of Fastenal a written notice of termination of the proxy's authority before the vote. Attendance at the annual meeting will not itself revoke a previously granted proxy. How do I change my vote? If you are a registered shareholder, you may revoke your proxy prior to the annual meeting by mailing a later dated proxy or by submitting a subsequent proxy by telephone or over the internet at any time before the applicable deadline noted above. Attendance at the meeting itself will not revoke a previously granted proxy unless written notice of the revocation or subsequent proxy is revoked as described in the previous sentence or, by delivering to an officer of Fastenal a written notice of termination of the proxy's authority at any time prior to the meeting. If you hold your shares in street name or through our 401(k) plan and wish to change your vote, you should follow the instructions received from your broker or the trustee of the plan. * * * * * * * * * -4- Table of Contents PROPOSAL #1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Nominees and Required Vote Our bylaws provide that our business will be managed by or under the direction of a board of directors of not less than five nor more than twelve directors. Within this range, the exact number of directors is fixed from time to time by the board of directors. The board currently consists of 11 members. Each director will be elected at the annual meeting for a term that expires at the next regular shareholders' meeting and will hold office for the term for which he or she was elected and until a successor is elected and qualified. Each of the nominees named below is a current director of Fastenal and has agreed to be named in this proxy statement and to serve if elected. We have no reason to believe that any of the nominees will be unable or unwilling to serve for the ensuing year if elected, except with respect to Daniel L. Florness, who on December 19, 2025, announced his decision to step out of the roles of chief executive officer and director, effective July 16, 2026 (the 'CEO Transition Date'). Our board also appointed Jefferey M. Watts, our current president and chief sales officer, as our next chief executive officer, effective as of the CEO Transition Date. Assuming that the shareholders of the Company re-elect Mr. Florness as our director at the annual meeting, the board intends to appoint Mr. Watts as a director of the board to replace Mr. Florness, effective as of the CEO Transition Date. Proxies solicited by the board of directors will, unless otherwise directed, be voted to elect the 11 nominees named below to constitute the entire board. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in case any such nominee is not a candidate at the annual meeting of shareholders for any reason, the proxies named in the enclosed proxy card may vote for a substitute nominee in their discretion. The following table sets forth certain information as to each director standing for election at the annual meeting. Committee Memberships Name Age Director Since Principal Occupation Board Independent Audit Compensation (1) Nominating and Corporate Governance Scott A. Satterlee 57 2009 Retired President of North America Surface Transportation Division, C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc. Chair X Michael J. Ancius 61 2009 Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, A.L.M. Holding Company X X Chair X Stephen L. Eastman 61 2015 Retired President of the Aftermarket, Parts, Garments, and Accessories Division, Polaris Inc. X X X Chair Brady D. Ericson 54 2025 President and Chief Executive Officer of PHINIA Inc. X X X Daniel L. Florness (2) 62 2016 Chief Executive Officer of Fastenal Company X Rita J. Heise 69 2012 Self-Employed Business Consultant, Retired Corporate Vice President and Chief Information Officer, Cargill, Incorporated X X X X Hsenghung Sam Hsu 56 2020 Retired Executive Vice President of Strategic Planning, Ecolab Inc. X X X X Daniel L. Johnson 62 2016 Retired Chief Executive Officer, M.A. Mortenson Company X X Chair X Sarah N. Nielsen 52 2021 Chief Financial Officer of First Citizens Bank X X X X Irene A. Quarshie 49 2023 Senior Vice President of Global Supply Chain and Logistics for Target Corporation X X X X Reyne K. Wisecup 63 2000 Retired Senior Executive Vice President - Human Resources of Fastenal Company X Number of 2025 meetings 4 2 6 5 4 -5- Table of Contents (1) On February 6, 2026, Dan Johnson was named the chair of our compensation committee. Throughout 2025 and until February 5, 2026, the chair was Ms. Heise. (2) On December 19, 2025, Mr. Florness announced his decision to step out of the roles of chief executive officer and director, effective as of the CEO Transition Date. Our board also appointed Mr. Watts, our current president and chief sales officer, as our next chief executive officer, effective as of the CEO Transition Date. Assuming that the shareholders of the Company re-elect Mr. Florness as our director at the annual meeting, the board intends to appoint Mr. Watts as a director of the board to replace Mr. Florness, effective as of the CEO Transition Date. Director Qualifications Fastenal's board of directors is comprised of individuals of varying backgrounds and experiences. Our directors who are current or former members of management bring important internal insights and perspective developed during their years of experience in operations and administration at Fastenal. They provide direct-line feedback for the people-centered culture that has played a major role in our success. Our independent directors contribute a variety of expertise derived from their backgrounds in the areas of entrepreneurial leadership, strategic planning, multi-location sales and marketing, manufacturing, distribution, logistics, supply chain, commercial construction, international market development, information technology, publicly-held company reporting, professional administration, investor relations, risk management, and accounting. The board believes each of the nominees possesses the experience, skills, and attributes to serve on our board of directors, and collectively contribute to its ongoing success. Mr. Scott A. Satterlee serves as chair of the board. He retired in January 2016 as president of the North America Surface Transportation Division of C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc., a position he held since December 2014. He served as a senior vice president of transportation of C.H. Robinson from December 2007 through December 2014, and as a vice president of transportation of C.H. Robinson from early 2002 through December 2007. C.H. Robinson is a publicly-held global provider of transportation and logistics services headquartered in Eden Prairie, Minnesota. As an executive officer of C.H. Robinson, Mr. Satterlee was responsible for a portion of its worldwide operations with duties that included oversight of a decentralized network of offices, each with local and global account relationships. Additionally, Mr. Satterlee helped develop and oversee implementation of network compensation plans for C.H. Robinson, and was accountable for expanding operations into portions of South America, Europe, and Asia. Mr. Satterlee has also served on various non-profit boards in the Rocky Mountain region. He brings multi-location operational, compensation, and international business development experience to the board, all consistent with Fastenal's strategic focus. Mr. Satterlee attended 100% of the general meetings of the board in 2025. Mr. Michael J. Ancius has served as the vice president and chief financial officer of A.L.M. Holding Company since January 2018 and he began working for the company in June 2017. A.L.M. is a privately-held construction and energy company headquartered in Onalaska, Wisconsin. From 1997 to June 2017, Mr. Ancius was the director of strategic planning, financing, and taxation of Kwik Trip, Inc., a privately-held multi-location convenience store chain. Prior to 1997, Mr. Ancius was a senior manager with the certified public accounting firm of RSM US LLP for ten years, where he specialized in taxation. His background in strategic planning, board operations, capital markets, capital structures and valuations, insurance risk management, development of compensation strategies, taxation, and financial and accounting matters contributes a unique set of skills to the board. Additionally, his experience with taxation and financial accounting matters, as well as completing a CERT Certificate in Cybersecurity Oversight from the National Association of Corporate Directors and the COSO Enterprise Risk Management Certificate Program from the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, brings beneficial insight to chair Fastenal's audit committee. Mr. Ancius attended 100% of the general meetings of the board in 2025, as well as 100% of both the audit and compensation committee meetings in 2025. Mr. Stephen L. Eastman retired in December 2024 as president of the aftermarket, parts, garments, and accessories (PG A) division of Polaris Inc., headquartered in Medina, Minnesota, after which he served as a strategic advisor from January 2025 to December 2025. Polaris is an industry leader in the manufacturing and marketing of recreational vehicles, where Mr. Eastman led the global business, strategic direction, product and brand development, supply chain operations, and multi-channel sales and marketing, of the aftermarket, PG A division since August 2015. From February 2012 to August 2015, he served as vice president of that same division. He has also led the acquisition and integration of several aftermarket brands. From October 2011 to February 2012, Mr. Eastman worked as an independent business consultant. Prior to October 2011, Mr. Eastman held various executive and managerial positions during a tenure of almost 30 years with Target Corporation, a multi-location and online retailer of consumer products, including president of Target.com from 2008 to October 2011. His background in executive and managerial leadership in multi-location consumer products companies, supply chain strategy, inventory management, eCommerce, and mergers and acquisitions integration provides valuable insight and guidance in these areas to the board. Mr. Eastman also serves on the board of directors of privately-held Specialized Bicycle Components, a designer, -6- Table of Contents manufacturer, and marketer of bicycles, bicycle components, and related products, as well as the non-profit board of directors of the Boys and Girls Club of the Twin Cities. Additionally, Mr. Eastman's diverse business background provides the experience to chair Fastenal's nominating and corporate governance committee. Mr. Eastman attended 100% of the general meetings of the board in 2025, as well as 100% of both the compensation and nominating and corporate governance committee meetings in 2025. Mr. Brady D. Ericson has served as the president, chief executive officer, and director of PHINIA Inc., located in Auburn Hills, Michigan, since July 2023. PHINIA is a publicly-traded, global, market-leading provider of premium solutions and components across commercial vehicles, industrial applications, and the automobile industry with more than 12,000 employees and generating in excess of $3.4 billion in annual revenues. From March 2022 to July 2023, Mr. Ericson served as president and general manager of the Fuel Systems and Aftermarket Segment of BorgWarner that principally became PHINIA following its spin-off. From June 2019 to March 2022, Mr. Ericson served as the president and general manager of the Morse Systems segment at BorgWarner. From 1998 through 2019, he served in various positions of increasing leadership at BorgWarner from chief strategy officer, president of Emissions Systems and BERU systems, vice president and general manager of various divisions, as well as positions in operations, manufacturing strategy, engineering, and sales with assignments in North America, Europe, and Asia. Mr. Ericson also served on the board of directors of Romeo Power, Inc., a publicly-held company, from January 2021 to August 2021. His background in executive and managerial leadership, strategic planning, spin-offs, acquisitions and divestitures, operational and business experience, as well as in-depth knowledge of the global transportation industry, provides valuable insight and guidance in these areas to the board. Mr. Ericson attended 100% of the general meetings of the board in 2025, as well as 100% of the audit committee meetings in 2025 that were held during his term of service on the board. Mr. Daniel L. Florness has served as our chief executive officer since August 2024, and previously served as both our president and chief executive officer from January 2016 to July 2024. He began his career at Fastenal in 1996 and served as our chief financial officer from June 1996 to December 2002 and executive vice president and chief financial officer from December 2002 to December 2015. During his time as chief financial officer, Mr. Florness' experience with Fastenal expanded beyond finance, including leadership of product development and procurement, a portion of our manufacturing division, and, in later years, our national accounts business. In his role as chief executive officer, Mr. Florness provides the board with critical input on the development and implementation of high level strategies for Fastenal and on the overall operations and resources of Fastenal. In addition, his long prior tenure as chief financial officer makes Mr. Florness uniquely situated to provide the board with in-depth insight into Fastenal's financial planning, internal controls, and regulatory compliance. Mr. Florness also serves on the board of directors of H.B. Fuller, a publicly-held company in the global adhesives market, and is on the board of trustees of Emplify Health (f/k/a Bellin Gundersen Health System, Inc.), an integrated health care system primarily located in Wisconsin, as well as Upper Michigan, northeastern Iowa, and southeastern Minnesota. Additionally, he has served on the boards of various community organizations. On December 19, 2025, Mr. Florness announced his decision to step out of the roles of chief executive officer and director, effective as of the CEO Transition Date. Our board also appointed Jeffery M. Watts, our current president and chief sales officer, as our next chief executive officer, effective as of the CEO Transition Date. Mr. Florness attended 100% of the general meetings of the board in 2025. Ms. Rita J. Heise retired in December 2011 as corporate vice president and chief information officer of Cargill, Incorporated, an international producer and marketer of food, agricultural, financial and industrial products and services, and one of the largest privately-owned companies in the world headquartered in Wayzata, Minnesota. In her capacity as the chief information officer, she was responsible for Cargill's information technology worldwide. While at Cargill, she also served as a platform leader providing executive leadership for the agriculture horizon, animal nutrition, and salt/de-icing businesses and was a member of the business transformation and process improvement leadership teams. Prior to joining Cargill, Ms. Heise was the chief information officer for the aerospace business of Honeywell International Inc. and for Honeywell's Europe, Middle East, and Africa operations. During her 25 years at Honeywell, she worked on business integrations, process improvement teams, and mergers and acquisitions; led various information technology assignments; and held positions in supply chain, operations, customer service, and distribution. Ms. Heise previously served on the board of Blue Cross Blue Shield of Minnesota (BCBSMN), a non-profit health services company, where she also served as chair of the board. She previously served on the board of Adventium Labs, a privately-held systems engineering and cybersecurity company, and Curtiss Wright Corporation, a publicly-held engineering company specializing in providing high-tech, critical-function products, systems, and services to the commercial, industrial, defense and power markets. Her information technology background, combined with a diverse operations background, offers the board valuable insight on ways for Fastenal to maximize the use of advancing technologies in marketing, operations, and distribution, and to effectively manage cybersecurity risks. Additionally, Ms. Heise's diverse business background provides the experience to chair Fastenal's compensation committee. Ms. Heise attended 100% of the general meetings of the board in 2025, as well as 100% of both the compensation and nominating and corporate governance committee meetings in 2025. -7- Table of Contents Mr. Hsenghung Sam Hsu has served as a council member of the World Economic Forum s Network of Global Future Councils (WEF GFC) - the world s foremost multistakeholder and interdisciplinary knowledge network dedicated to promoting innovative thinking to shape a more resilient, inclusive and sustainable future since March 2025. Each council s insights are taken forward by the World Economic Forum s ongoing initiatives, communities and meetings to ensure impact. Mr. Hsu retired in January 2025 as executive vice president of strategic planning for Ecolab Inc., a global leader in water, hygiene, and infection prevention solutions and services, headquartered in St. Paul, Minnesota, where he led corporate strategy and various business initiatives since January 2016. He had held various other positions with Ecolab since 1996, including as executive vice president/senior vice president, global services business sector from 2012 to January 2016. Prior to his service with Ecolab, Mr. Hsu was employed with Merrill Lynch Asset Management and the Ministry of Health in Taiwan, where he was born. His background in global business management, strategic planning, corporate governance, finance, treasury and capital markets, business-to-business sales and marketing, mergers and acquisitions, digital transformation, developing high-performing teams, new business developments, and environmental, social, and governance (ESG) thought leadership, provides valuable insight and guidance in these areas to the board. Mr. Hsu previously served as chair of the board of directors for the Children's Theatre Company in Minneapolis, served on the board of directors for the American Composers Forum, served as chair on the Food, Agriculture and Beverage committee for the American Chamber of Commerce in Shanghai, served on the board of directors of the Chinese Institute of Food Science and Technology, and was executive director of the board for the China Health Inspection Association. Mr. Hsu attended 100% of the general meetings of the board in 2025, as well as 83% of the audit and 100% of the nominating and corporate governance committee meetings in 2025. Mr. Daniel L. Johnson retired as chief executive officer of M. A. Mortenson Company at the end of 2024. Mr. Johnson is currently a member of the board of directors for Mortenson, a family-owned commercial, energy, and infrastructure construction company that provides construction-related contracting, development, and program management services throughout North America, and is headquartered in Minneapolis, Minnesota. Mortenson employs more than 10,000 team members and generates in excess of $9.0 billion of annual revenues. Before assuming his role as chief executive officer in January 2017, Mr. Johnson served as president of Mortenson from January 2015 to December 2016 and as chief operating officer of Mortenson from 2008 to December 2014. Prior to that, he held various leadership and managerial positions with Mortenson since joining that company in 1986. Non-residential construction customers have historically represented a meaningful portion of Fastenal's sales, and Mr. Johnson's background in executive and managerial leadership of a major construction company provides the board with valuable insight into and guidance regarding this important sector of Fastenal's business. Mr. Johnson has served on numerous non-profit and industry boards over the years. He is currently a board member of the North Dakota State University College of Engineering Board of Advisors, Hazeltine National Golf Club, Mortenson Construction Holdings, Inc., and M.A. Mortenson Company. Mr. Johnson attended 100% of the general meetings of the board in 2025, as well as 100% of both the compensation and nominating and corporate governance committee meetings in 2025. Ms. Sarah N. Nielsen is the chief financial officer of First Citizens Bank, a community bank in Mason City, Iowa, where she has served since November 2017. From November 2005 to May 2017, she was vice president and CFO of Winnebago Industries, Inc., a leading U.S. manufacturer of premium outdoor recreation products under multiple brands. She also served on the audit committee of the board of directors for the Recreation Vehicle Industry Association, a national trade association, from 2014 to 2017. During her tenure with Winnebago, she led the due diligence and financing efforts that resulted in the strategic acquisition of Grand Design RV, developed long term strategies surrounding post-retirement healthcare benefits, implemented a strategic sourcing and procurement program, and oversaw management of specific divisions. Ms. Nielsen began her career with Deloitte Touche LLP in 1995, spending ten years in the audit practice and advancing to senior audit manager in 2002. Her background in financial management and reporting, strategic planning, sourcing, and public company governance offers valuable insight and guidance to the board. Ms. Nielsen served on the Clear Lake Area Chamber of Commerce Board from 2018 through 2025, including as Chair in 2024 and Treasurer from 2020 to 2023. She currently serves on the board of the Clear Lake Development Foundation. Ms. Nielsen attended 75% of the general meetings of the board in 2025, as well as 83% of the audit and 100% of the compensation committee meetings in 2025. -8- Table of Contents Ms. Irene A. Quarshie has served as the Senior Vice President of Global Supply Chain and Logistics for Target Corporation since March 2022. Target Corporation is a Fortune 50, multi-category retailer with locations in all 50 U.S. states and the District of Columbia, with headquarters in Minneapolis, Minnesota. Her prior positions and roles with Target consisted of serving as Vice President of Global Supply Chain and Logistics from January 2018 to February 2022, Vice President of Product Quality and Responsible Sourcing from 2014 to 2018, Director of Government Affairs from 2011 to 2014, Senior Group Manager of Corporate Risk and Responsibility from 2009 to 2011, and various managerial positions from 2005 to 2009. Prior to joining Target, Ms. Quarshie served as a consultant with the global management consulting services firm of Booz Allen Hamilton from 2001 to 2005. Her background in global supply chain issues provides valuable insight and guidance in these areas to the board. Ms. Quarshie currently serves as chair of the compensation committee of the board of directors for the Executive Leadership Council, a non-profit organization, which she joined in 2018. Ms. Quarshie previously served as an executive committee member of the board of directors for the Guthrie Theatre, a non-profit organization, from 2019 to 2023. She previously served as an advisory board member of the board of directors for Inspectorio, a privately held company, from 2015 to 2019. She previously served as the chair of the executive committee of the board of directors for the YWCA of Minneapolis, MN, a non-profit organization, from 2012 to 2018. Ms. Quarshie attended 100% of the general meetings of the board in 2025, as well as 100% of both the audit and the nominating and corporate governance committee meetings in 2025. Ms. Reyne K. Wisecup served as Fastenal's senior executive vice president human resources from December 2016 through February 2023, when she retired from that position. She began her career with Fastenal in 1988 and served in various operational and administrative areas through 1997, when she was named director of human resources. In April 2002, she was promoted to vice president of employee development, and in November 2007, was named Fastenal's executive vice president human resources serving in that position through December 2016. In her capacity as senior executive vice president human resources, Ms. Wisecup managed the human resources department which included human relations, payroll, benefits, compliance, general insurance, legal, and the Fastenal School of Business. Because we credit much of our success to our 'people centered' decentralized structure, relying upon the entrepreneurial motivation and creative energy of our employees, Ms. Wisecup provides helpful insights and knowledge of Fastenal's policies and human resources departments based upon her tenured background, which aids the board in shaping employee relations. Her career path also epitomizes our 'promote from within' philosophy. Ms. Wisecup attended 100% of the general meetings of the board in 2025. None of the above nominees is related to any other nominee or to any of our executive officers. THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS VOTING FOR THE ELECTION OF EACH OF THE ABOVE NOMINEES * * * * * * * * * * CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND DIRECTOR COMPENSATION Director Independence Our board of directors has determined that none of Mr. Satterlee, Mr. Ancius, Mr. Eastman, Mr. Ericson, Ms. Heise, Mr. Hsu, Mr. Johnson, Ms. Nielsen, or Ms. Quarshie has any relationships that would interfere with the exercise by such person of independent judgment in the carrying out of his or her responsibilities as a director and that each such individual is an independent director under the listing standards of the Nasdaq Stock Market (herein referred to as independent directors). The independent directors constitute a majority of our board of directors and a majority of the nominees for the office of director. In making the board's independence determination, the members of the board were aware of and considered various transactions between Fastenal and companies in or with respect to which certain of our directors have equity interests or serve as directors, officers, or employees. Those transactions consisted of the purchase of products by such companies from Fastenal in the ordinary course of business and on terms available to comparable unrelated customers in similar circumstances, and the purchase by Fastenal of products or services from such companies in the ordinary course of business on terms negotiated on an arm's - length basis. None of our directors were directly involved with any of these transactions. Board Leadership Structure and Committee Membership Our corporate governance guidelines provide that the board shall determine the leadership structure of the board from time to time and that the board shall choose its chair based upon the board's view of what is in the best interest of Fastenal at any given point in time, based on the recommendation of the nominating and corporate governance committee. Mr. Satterlee has been the chair of the board of Fastenal since April 2021. He has served as a director of Fastenal for more than a decade and has high level executive experience gained as a former executive at C.H. Robinson. -9- Table of Contents As chair, Mr. Satterlee is the primary liaison between senior management and the independent directors and provides strategic input and leadership to our executive officers. With input from the other board members, committee chairs, and management, he develops the agenda for board meetings, sets board meeting schedules, and presides over meetings of the board. As a member of Fastenal's board for 17 years, including serving as the board chair for the last four years, Mr. Satterlee combines a detailed and in-depth knowledge of our day-to-day operations with an ability to identify strategic priorities essential to the future success of Fastenal and effectively execute Fastenal's strategic plans. Mr. Satterlee leads the executive sessions of the independent directors focused on a spontaneous agenda developed by directors to address the most critical issues. His role is to help assure that those sessions remain effective forums for promoting open and candid discussion among the independent directors regarding issues of importance to Fastenal, including evaluating the performance and effectiveness of members of management. While the roles of chair and chief executive officer are currently separated, the board does not have a policy on whether or not the role of the chair and chief executive officer should be separate or combined and, if it is to be separate, whether the chair should be selected from the non-employee directors or be an executive officer. The board believes that the current separation between the role of chair and chief executive officer allows Mr. Florness to focus on Fastenal's operations, while ensuring appropriate independent board leadership over governance matters. Our corporate governance guidelines provide that in the event that the chair of the board is not an independent director, the board should elect a 'lead independent director,' who will have the responsibility to schedule and prepare agendas for meetings of the non-employee directors. The lead independent director will communicate with the chief executive officer, disseminate information to the rest of the board in a timely manner, and raise issues with management on behalf of the non-employee directors when appropriate. On December 19, 2025, Mr. Florness announced his decision to step out of the roles of chief executive officer and director, effective as of the CEO Transition Date. Our board also appointed Mr. Watts, our current president and chief sales officer, as our next chief executive officer, effective as of the CEO Transition Date. Our board has determined to retain the separation between the chair and chief executive officer roles, and Mr. Satterlee will remain chair of the board. During 2025, we had three standing board committees, consisting of an audit committee, a compensation committee, and a nominating and corporate governance committee. The members of these committees during 2025, and the number of meetings held by the full board, by the independent members of the board, and by each committee during 2025, are detailed in the table under 'Nominees and Required Vote' above. Each incumbent director attended 75% or more of the meetings in 2025 of the board and the various committees on which he or she served. Board Oversight of Risk The board of directors recognizes that, although risk management is a primary responsibility of Fastenal's management, the board plays a critical role in oversight of risk. The board, in order to more specifically carry out this responsibility, has assigned the audit committee the primary duty to periodically review Fastenal's policies and practices with respect to risk assessment and risk management, including discussing with management Fastenal's major risk exposures and the steps that have been taken to monitor and control those exposures. Those risks include company risks, such as cybersecurity incidents, and industry and general economic risks, such as risks related to the impact of trade policies on our supply chain, all as further identified in our annual report. The compensation committee has been assigned the duty to assess the impact of Fastenal's compensation programs on risk and recommend to the board of directors the adoption of any policies deemed necessary or advisable in order to mitigate compensation- and human capital management-related risks, including administration of our compensation forfeiture and recovery policy as further described below. Information on the compensation committee's involvement in risk assessment and management as it relates to compensation programs is provided below under 'Executive Compensation-Compensation Discussion and Analysis.' The nominating and corporate governance committee has been assigned the duty of overseeing our insider trading policy. Each committee reports to the board ensuring the board's full involvement in carrying out its responsibility for risk management and to ensure that risks are appropriately identified, measured, monitored, and addressed. The board's oversight role in this area has not affected its leadership structure, largely because of the level of direct communication between various members of senior management and the board and its committees. Our corporate governance guidelines include the provisions described above relating to the board's oversight of risk management. Environmental, Social, and Governance Matters Fastenal has always been committed to understanding and exceeding the expectations of our employees, customers, suppliers, and shareholders. We believe we have also had significant and favorable financial and social impacts over time on the communities in which we operate. As stakeholder expectations change and evolve, including around environmental, social, and governance (ESG) matters, we are committed to changing and evolving with them. We have a strong foundation upon which to do so, including investing in infrastructure and innovation, trusting and empowering our employees, supporting local communities in which our employees work and live, embracing a frugal approach to our own resource use, and providing products and services to our customers designed specifically to reduce resource consumption throughout their supply chains. -10- Table of Contents Governance Fastenal's board of directors is composed of individuals with varying backgrounds and experiences. This group is responsible for the oversight of enterprise risk, including ESG matters, and receives leadership and guidance on these topics from the committees of the board. Nine of our 11 directors are independent, including the chair of the board, which helps to broaden our perspective and deepen our understanding of ESG issues. Among the board's priorities are corporate responsibility, human capital management, and sustainability. The topic of ESG, including climate-related issues, is on the meeting agenda a minimum of twice per year. Board composition and governance highlights: Our roles of board chair and CEO are separated; Our board chair is independent; Nine of our 11 directors are independent; The board has three committees: audit, compensation, and nominating and corporate governance. The charters of each of these committees can be viewed on Fastenal's investor website; All committees of our board are composed exclusively of independent directors; Director participation in board and committee meetings was 75% or more for each incumbent director in 2025; We have stock ownership guidelines (detailed later in this document) requiring each non-employee director and each officer subject to Section 16 reporting requirements to achieve a specific equity ownership level; A full slate of director nominees is submitted to shareholders annually and elected using a majority voting standard; We have one class of shares; Our corporate governance guidelines provide that the maximum number of employees or former employees serving on the board will not exceed thirty percent of the total number of directors on the board, which limitation may be waived by the board. Employee directors that terminate their service as an employee of Fastenal may continue to serve as a director for up to five years after termination as an employee of Fastenal; We approved and announced a two-for-one stock split which took effect on May 21, 2025; We achieved a Prime Rating Status with Institutional Shareholder Services (ISS) Corporate. Companies are awarded Prime Status if the overall ESG Corporate Rating letter grade meets or exceeds the industry-specific Prime threshold defined by ISS ESG's Industry Classification Matrix; and We debuted on Forbes' list of Most Trusted Companies in America. This list highlights the firms that do it right: creating trust among their employees, their customers, investors, and the media. Six categories are evaluated, which include Employee Sentiment, Customer Sentiment, Financial Performance, Business Trajectory, Media Sentiment, and Workforce Stability. Fastenal's board of directors serves as a prudent fiduciary for shareholders and oversees management of our business and resources. On matters of enterprise risk, including financial, operational, competitive, compliance, cybersecurity, reputational, and ESG matters, the full board has oversight responsibility and receives leadership and guidance on these topics from the audit, compensation, and nominating and corporate governance committees. This includes steps to monitor, manage, and mitigate such risks. Our standing committees support the board by addressing specific matters involving enterprise risk that relate to their respective areas of oversight. The full board has assigned the nominating and corporate governance committee the primary duty to oversee corporate governance matters subject to board oversight, and sets high standards for our employees, officers, and directors. Among its priorities are corporate responsibility, human capital management, and sustainability. We have a strong commitment to being an ethical and responsible company acting with integrity and respect for each other, our customers and suppliers, our communities, and the environment. Environmental Fastenal's value proposition is to reduce the total consumption of resources in our customers' supply chain. We believe our business model directly contributes to, among other things, improved environmental efficiency and resiliency in global supply chains. To engage with Fastenal is to utilize Sustainable Solutions including environmental solutions featuring products, services, and systems to reduce consumption and waste; social solutions to improve workplace safety, supply chain flexibility, and sourcing ethics; as well as governance solutions leveraging systems and reporting to improve supply chain transparency and regulatory compliance. -11- Table of Contents We have taken, and plan to continue to take, steps to reduce our own environmental footprint. We continue to evaluate pathways and targets that align with evolving climate goals and evolving best practices. In support of this objective, below are a few highlights: In 2025, Fastenal achieved a B score for its Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP). The B score from the CDP indicates strong environmental management. Companies earning this rating have addressed the environmental impacts of their operations and implemented effective practices to support responsible environmental stewardship. To support our greenhouse gas emissions inventory, we partnered with Watershed. Watershed is an end-to-end platform with audited methodologies that standardize and transform business data into rigorous sustainability data. Built on Watershed's Comprehensive Environmental Data Archive, it utilizes an emissions factor database with approximately 60,000 emissions factors from approximately 150 countries and regions. We developed an internal environmental sustainability training that was launched in 2022, since the launch employees have participated in over 23,000 training events. This training helps position our employees across the organization to learn and understand how they can be better environmental stewards for our business and the communities they serve. In 2025, we achieved third-party re-certification for three ISO certifications relative to ESG: ISO/IEC 27001 Information Security Management Systems, ISO 14001 Environmental Management Systems, and ISO 45001 Occupational Health and Safety Management Systems. In 2025, we improved our sustainability score from EcoVadis, an organization on which many of our customers rely, and from which we are designated as having a silver medal, putting us in the top 15% of all rated companies. We continue to practice environmental stewardship through thoughtful consumption of energy, and this is made possible through partnerships such as Energy Star Portfolio Manager and Arcadia Power, Inc. These platforms allow utility bill analysis for improvement of energy across our facilities. We are operating in Building Research Establishment Environmental Assessment Method (BREEAM)-certified facilities in the Netherlands and Czech Republic and have two buildings equipped with solar power technology. In addition, five of our locations were certified as Energy Star buildings in 2025: our Seattle, Washington distribution center outperformed 88% of similar buildings nationwide; our Eau Claire, Wisconsin branch outperformed 89% of similar buildings nationwide; our Winona, Minnesota branch outperformed 99% of similar buildings nationwide; our Rochester, Minnesota branch outperformed 99% of similar buildings nationwide; and our Madison, Alabama branch outperformed 100% of similar buildings nationwide. We continue to find innovative ways to reduce, reuse, and recycle materials such as pallets, plastics, and metal products, as well as cardboard throughout our largest facilities. Since our scrap supply agreement with Trex Company, Inc., we've collected and shipped over 1 million pounds of materials from our distribution centers, branches, and Onsite locations directly to Trex to be used in the manufacturing of their composite decking products. In 2025, our Wallingford, Connecticut manufacturing facility achieved zero waste diversion certification to 92.7%, meaning of the 3.9 million pounds of operational waste we generated, we diverted 3.6 million pounds to reclamation, recycling, and reuse. Our Winona, Minnesota manufacturing facility is currently going through the certification process and expects waste certification in 2026. To improve the efficiency of our fleet we continued to participate in the EPA's SmartWay program in 2025, which helps companies advance supply chain sustainability by measuring, benchmarking, and improving freight transportation efficiency. We also continued to utilize fully electric and alternative fuel tractors, yard tractors, box trucks, small SUVs, and cargo vans in 2025 to explore the capabilities of electric technology and alternative fuels in our traditional vehicle fleet. Fastenal was awarded the 2025 Sustainability Leadership Award by the Business Intelligence Group which highlights organizations that weave ESG principles into the very fabric of growth. Fastenal is 1 of 26 winners for this award. Social We believe in the unique humanness of people, and that no one group has a monopoly on talent or desire. We believe everyone has the ability to learn, change, and contribute to the success of our organization and, by extension, our society. We believe our greatest social impact begins with the 24,000-plus members of the Blue Team. We seek people that embody our cultural values of Ambition, Integrity, Innovation, and Teamwork, ask them to join, and work to give them a reason to stay. We provide training so people can improve their skills and increase their value. We trust people to take risks and make independent decisions in an entrepreneurial environment to build confidence. We most greatly value our own talent, and reward success by passionately promoting from within. Through these beliefs, we empower our human capital. Achieving these goals includes a commitment to developing a multi-faceted and integrated workforce and inclusive relationships in all our endeavors. This forms the foundation to compete within the global business environment and provide -12- Table of Contents our employees with expanded and enhanced opportunities throughout the world. To further this, our processes for hiring, promoting, and compensating are by design simple, visible, objective, and regularly reviewed for effectiveness. Our employee-centric culture is more than just a process. It is how we support each other. The Fastenal School of Business provided over 981,000 training sessions in 2025 on subjects ranging from computer cybersecurity to safety protocols to product knowledge to sales to leadership, providing each employee the opportunity for self-improvement. We support best practices outside of our company with programs designed to facilitate purchases with small businesses by creating close, long-term relationships that strengthen our supply chain, and with a Supply Chain Compliance team that engages directly with global suppliers to support ethical business and labor practices. We ensure a safe workplace with the Experience Modification Rate (EMR), a widely tracked workplace health and safety measure. Our EMR benchmark is 55% better than that of similar companies in our industry, indicating below-average workplace health and safety risks. Fastenal achieved our status as a Review and Verification Service (RAVS) Plus Participant. This distinction which is awarded by ISNetworld is held by less than 3% of ISNetworld's 85,000+ active contractors. ISNetworld provides a world-class platform of data-driven products, services that help manage risk, and strengthen hiring clients, active contractors, and suppliers around the world. Safety is more than a priority it's part of who we are. A cornerstone of our safety program is protecting both our employees and the public during deliveries through our comprehensive Auto Safety Program. In 2025, our licensed drivers completed over 45,000 auto safety activities, including training, coaching, inspections, and assessments. Thanks to these efforts, we achieved a 9% reduction in at-fault incidents compared to 2024. This milestone reflects the dedication of our team to protecting each other and the communities we serve. Our impact on the communities we serve stems from our role as a 'local' supply chain partner, integrating our customers, operations, and employees into the community fabric. We believe our greatest contribution is to serve our customers and create opportunities for our employees within these communities. Fastenal's founders instilled a strong commitment to philanthropy, which continues to guide our practices today. This includes supporting local communities through monetary and in-kind donations and empowering local employees to initiate company-sponsored community projects. Fastenal is dedicated to making a positive impact through our Blue Team Gives Back initiatives. We continually expand our contributions, focusing on youth, wellness, workforce development, community development, customer causes, disaster response and recovery, and support for armed forces and first responders. Our support is evident with an estimated 2026 budget of $3.9 million for community support, the BK5K Youth charitable runs, a global Blue Team Blood Drive in collaboration with the American Red Cross and other blood supply organizations, and our employee athletic uniform program, Blue Team Sports. Additionally, our employees privately commit time and resources to various causes. We have been recognized for our community commitment with awards such as the Digital Lifesaver Award for the 2nd largest Virtual Blood Drive from the American Red Cross and the Business Advocate Award from the Winona Education Association. Reporting We have invested time and resources in developing an ESG reporting structure that informs investors and provides value to Fastenal. We have chosen to align with several standards including the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI), Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB), Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD), and have identified several United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) that we feel we can impact. Each year we endeavor to favorably impact our scores and corporate ratings from Institutional Shareholder Services (ISS), EcoVadis, and CDP, and in 2025 we achieved this with ISS and EcoVadis. In 2025, we published our fourth annual ESG report, continuing our commitment to transparency. Fastenal continues to take measures to align with upcoming regulatory reporting disclosures and requirements as they develop. To support this development, we've adopted two software platforms to standardize both ESG collection and reporting of ESG information. The adoption of these software platforms is designed to ensure consistent, accurate, and timely tracking of ESG metrics, enabling strong performance management and transparent disclosures. -13- Table of Contents Other Board and Corporate Governance Matters Communications with the Board All interested parties, including our shareholders, may contact our board of directors or a particular director by e-mail addressed to bod@fastenal.com, or writing to the board or a particular director in care of legal to the mailing address as set forth on Fastenal's website. Registered or beneficial owners of our common stock should identify themselves in their e-mails as shareholders of Fastenal. Our external reporting and legal teams periodically review such e-mails, consult with the chair of the board, and then refer any appropriate communication to the applicable board member. Communications received which are unrelated to the duties and responsibilities of our board of directors will not be forwarded. The director to whom a communication is referred will determine, in consultation with company counsel if necessary, whether a copy or summary of the communication will be provided to the other directors. In consultation with company counsel if necessary, the board will respond to communications if and as appropriate. Board Attendance at Annual Meeting While we have no formal policy regarding attendance by directors at our annual meeting, our directors are expected to attend this meeting. Each individual serving as a director of Fastenal at that time attended our 2025 annual meeting. CEO Succession Matters Our compensation committee reviews and discusses with our board of directors succession plans for the chief executive officer and our other executive officers. We have historically utilized a philosophy of 'promoting from within' our organization from a deep and broad pool of qualified internal candidates and will continue to promote such a pipeline for executive management, viewing continuity in culture and experience with our organization as paramount considerations when evaluating potential senior leadership. On December 19, 2025, Mr. Florness announced his decision to step out of the role of chief executive officer, effective as of the CEO Transition Date. Our board has appointed Mr. Watts, our president and chief sales officer, to succeed Mr. Florness as chief executive officer. Anti-hedging Policies Our directors and Section 16 officers are prohibited from hedging our stock, either directly or indirectly. Prohibited transactions include the purchase by a director or Section 16 officer of financial instruments, including without limitation, prepaid variable forward contracts, instruments for short sale or purchase or sale of call or put options, equity swaps, collars or units of exchangeable funds, that are designed to or that may reasonably be expected to have the effect of hedging or offsetting a decrease in the market value of any of our securities. Securities Trading Policy We have adopted a securities trading policy governing the purchase, sale, and other disposition of our securities by directors, officers, employees and certain other covered persons, a copy of which is an exhibit to our annual report on Form 10-K. The policy is designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules, and regulations, as well as applicable listing standards. In addition, with regard to the Company's trading in its own securities, it is the Company's policy to comply with the federal securities laws and Nasdaq listing rules. Membership on Other Boards As set forth in our corporate governance guidelines, a director must advise the chair of the board of such director's intent to serve on the board of another public company. No director may serve on more than two public company boards, including Fastenal's board, without the prior approval of the board. Audit Committee Our audit committee currently consists of five directors, each of whom is an independent director. Our board of directors has determined that Mr. Ancius, Mr. Hsu, and Ms. Nielsen are 'audit committee financial experts' under the rules of the SEC. The audit committee is responsible for overseeing our management and independent registered public accounting firm as to corporate accounting, financial reporting, internal controls, audit matters, and corporate risk management, and has the authority to: Select, evaluate, compensate, and replace our independent registered public accounting firm; Pre-approve services to be provided by our independent registered public accounting firm; Review and discuss with our management and independent registered public accounting firm our interim and audited annual financial statements, and recommend to our board whether the audited annual financial statements should be included in our annual report on Form 10-K; Discuss with our management earnings press releases and other published financial information or guidance; -14- Table of Contents Review and discuss with management our major risk exposures, including, without limitation, corporate and information security risks, cybersecurity and data protection, and the steps that management has taken to monitor and control such exposures; Monitor the activities and performance of our internal auditors and our independent registered public accounting firm; Monitor the independence of our independent registered public accounting firm; Oversee our internal compliance programs; Review related person transactions for potential conflict-of-interest situations in accordance with our Related Person Transaction Approval Policy; Establish procedures for the receipt, retention, and treatment of complaints regarding accounting, internal controls, or auditing matters; and Prepare a report of the audit committee as required by the rules of the SEC to be included in Fastenal's annual proxy statement. Our audit committee operates under a written charter originally adopted by our board of directors in June 2000 and most recently amended in January 2026. The audit committee reviews its charter on an annual basis to determine if any amendments are needed. A copy of the current charter is available on the Governance page of the Investor Relations section of our website at www.fastenal.com. Related Person Transaction Approval Policy Our board of directors has a formal written related person transaction approval policy, which sets out our policies and procedures for the review, approval, or ratification of 'related person transactions'. For these purposes, a 'related person' is a director, nominee for director, executive officer, or holder of more than 5% of our common stock, or any immediate family member of any of the foregoing. This policy is reviewed periodically to determine if any amendments are needed. This policy applies to any financial transaction, arrangement, or relationship or any series of similar financial transactions, arrangements, or relationships in which Fastenal is a participant and in which a related person has a direct or indirect interest, other than the following: Payment of compensation by Fastenal to a related person for the related person's service in the capacity or capacities that give rise to the person's status as a 'related person'; Transactions available to all employees or all shareholders on the same terms; Purchases of products from Fastenal in the ordinary course of business at the same price and on the same terms as offered to our other customers, regardless of whether the transactions are required to be reported in Fastenal's filings with the SEC; and Transactions, which when aggregated with the amount of all other transactions between the related person and Fastenal, involve less than $120,000 in a year. Our audit committee is required to approve any related person transaction subject to this policy before commencement of the related person transaction, provided that if the related person transaction is identified after it commences, it must be brought to the audit committee for ratification, amendment, or rescission. The chair of our audit committee has the authority to approve or take other actions in respect of any related person transaction that arises, or first becomes known, between meetings of the audit committee, provided that any action by the chair must be reported to our audit committee at its next regularly scheduled meeting. Our audit committee will analyze the following factors, in addition to any other factors the members of the audit committee deem appropriate, in determining whether to approve a related person transaction: Whether the terms are fair to Fastenal; Whether the transaction is material to Fastenal; The role the related person has played in arranging the related person transaction; The structure of the related person transaction; and The interests of all related persons in the related person transaction. Our audit committee may, in its sole discretion, approve or deny any related person transaction. Approval of a related person transaction may be conditioned upon Fastenal and the related person following certain procedures designated by the audit committee. -15- Table of Contents Transactions with Related Persons There were no related person transactions during 2025 required to be reported in this proxy statement. Compensation Committee Our compensation committee was appointed by our board of directors to discharge the board's responsibilities relating to compensation of Fastenal's executive officers and to oversee and advise the board on the adoption of policies that govern our compensation and benefit programs. Our compensation committee currently consists of five directors, each of whom qualifies as an independent director. Our compensation committee has the authority to: Evaluate our chief executive officer's performance, and determine and approve all elements of our chief executive officer's compensation; Review the evaluations of the performance of our other executive officers, and approve all elements of their compensation; Approve incentive plan goals for executive officers, review actual performance against goals, and approve plan awards; Recommend to the board stock ownership guidelines for executive officers and non-employee directors and monitor compliance with guidelines that are established; Review and discuss with the board succession plans for the chief executive officer and other executive officers; Review our compensation programs for management employees and directors, and make recommendations to our board concerning the adoption or amendment of compensation plans, including equity-based compensation plans; Review and approve all changes in Fastenal's benefit plans which could result in material changes in costs or the benefit levels provided; Review our compensation policies and practices as they relate to risk management practices and risk-taking incentives, and recommend to the board of directors the adoption of policies to mitigate risks arising from compensation policies and practices; Oversee the process by which Fastenal conducts advisory shareholder votes regarding compensation matters; Review and discuss with management our Compensation Discussion and Analysis and recommend to our board the inclusion of the Compensation Discussion and Analysis in Fastenal's annual proxy statement; Prepare a report of the compensation committee as required by the rules of the SEC to be included in Fastenal's annual proxy statement; Administer, enforce, and recommend changes to our Compensation Forfeiture and Recovery Policy, any other policies, plans, or agreements regarding compensation forfeiture or recovery, and any other forfeiture or recovery of compensation required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement; and Designate and periodically review the peer group(s) used to evaluate or benchmark executive compensation levels and design practices. Our compensation committee may delegate to our chief executive officer the authority, within pre-existing guidelines established by the compensation committee, to approve awards of equity-based compensation under established plans to employees other than executive officers. Our chief executive officer may be present during deliberations of the compensation committee on the compensation of our other executive officers (but not his own) and may provide input at the request of the compensation committee on that compensation. However, the chief executive officer may not vote on executive compensation. Our compensation committee operates under a written charter originally adopted by our board of directors in February 2007, and most recently amended in January 2026. The compensation committee reviews its charter on an annual basis to determine if any amendments are needed. A copy of the current charter is available on the Governance page of the Investor Relations section of our website at www.fastenal.com. Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation None of the members of our compensation committee has ever been an officer or employee of Fastenal. During 2025, no executive officer of Fastenal served as a member of the board of directors or compensation committee (or other board committee performing equivalent functions) of any other entity that had any of its executive officers serving as a member of our board of directors or compensation committee. -16- Table of Contents Compensation of Our Directors Our compensation committee makes recommendations regarding director compensation to the full board and the board makes the final decision regarding director compensation after consideration of such recommendations. All of our directors, including our chief executive officer, reviewed and approved director compensation for 2025. In January 2025, the committee chairs received an annual cash retainer of $20,000. Each of our non-employee directors, other than the board chair, Mr. Ericson, and Mr. Lundquist, received an annual cash retainer of $100,000. Mr. Ericson, who was elected to the board effective January 16, 2025, received a cash retainer of $75,000 (or 75% of a full year's non-employee director retainer) upon his election. Mr. Lundquist, who retired from service on the board effective January 16, 2025, received a cash retainer of $25,000 (or 25% of a full year's non-employee director retainer) for 2025. The board chair received an annual cash retainer of $120,000. The Fastenal Company Non-Employee Director Stock Option Plan permits all non-employee directors to elect up to 100% of such annual cash retainer to be paid in stock options. As set forth in the table below, certain non-employee directors made this election for 2025. Mr. Florness, an employee director, received an annual cash retainer of $50,000. The annual cash retainer of $20,000 for committee chairs is paid in the form of a lump sum at the beginning of the year. All other annual cash retainers are paid quarterly. Annual stock option grants are made at the beginning of the year. All non-employee directors, other than the board chair, Mr. Ericson, and Mr. Lundquist, received stock options valued at $50,000. Mr. Ericson, who was elected to board effective January 16, 2025, received $37,500 in cash (or 75% of the value of a full year's non-employee director stock options) upon his election. Mr. Lundquist, who retired from service on the board effective January 16, 2025, received $12,500 in cash (or 25% of the value of a full year's non-employee director stock options) for 2025. The board chair received stock options valued at $80,000. Each of our non-employee directors was also entitled to be reimbursed for reasonable expenses incurred by such non-employee director in the performance of his or her services as a director or committee member, including reasonable expenses of attendance at board and committee meetings. The following table sets forth information with respect to the 2025 compensation paid to each of our directors, in their capacity as directors, other than Mr. Florness who is a named executive officer (as defined below in 'Proposal #3 An Advisory Vote on a Non-binding Resolution to Approve the Compensation of our Named Executive Officers Disclosed in this Proxy Statement'). The compensation of our named executive officers, in their capacity as directors and executive officers of Fastenal, is set out in the Summary Compensation Table under 'Executive Compensation-Summary of Compensation' later in this proxy statement. Name Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ($) (1) Stock Awards ($) Option Awards ($) (2) Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ($) All Other Compensation ($) Total ($) Scott A. Satterlee 120,000 80,000 200,000 Michael J. Ancius 20,000 150,000 170,000 Stephen L. Eastman 120,000 50,000 170,000 Brady D. Ericson 112,500 112,500 Rita J. Heise 20,000 150,000 170,000 Hsenghung Sam Hsu 60,000 90,000 150,000 Daniel L. Johnson 100,000 50,000 150,000 Nicholas J. Lundquist (3) 37,500 37,500 Sarah N. Nielsen 70,000 80,000 150,000 Irene A. Quarshie 70,000 80,000 150,000 Reyne K. Wisecup 100,000 50,000 150,000 (1) Mr. Ancius, Ms. Heise, Mr. Hsu, Ms. Nielsen, and Ms. Quarshie elected to receive all or a portion of their annual cash retainer as stock option awards pursuant to the Fastenal Company Non-Employee Director Stock Option Plan. (2) The amounts reported in this option awards column represents the aggregate grant date fair value computed in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) ASC Topic 718 of option awards that our non-employee directors received. For option awards that non-employee directors elected to receive pursuant to the Fastenal Company Non-Employee Director Stock Option Plan in lieu of annual cash retainer payments, the number of shares subject to each option award was determined by dividing (i) the portion of the annual retainer amount that each director would have otherwise received in cash on the grant date of the option by (ii) the Black-Scholes value as of the grant date of each share subject to the option award and rounding down to the nearest whole number. We calculated the grant date fair value in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles utilizing the assumptions set forth in the notes to our consolidated financial statements included in our 2025 annual report on Form 10-K. As of December 31, 2025, our non-employee directors held outstanding (and unexercised) stock option awards under the -17- Table of Contents Fastenal Company Non-Employee Director Stock Option Plan as follows: Mr. Satterlee - 96,068; Mr. Ancius - 80,404; Mr. Eastman - 40,588; Mr. Ericson - 0; Ms. Heise - 136,302; Mr. Hsu - 84,484; Mr. Johnson - 27,854; Ms. Nielsen - 43,626; Ms. Quarshie - 18,478; and Ms. Wisecup - 11,942. (3) Mr. Lundquist retired from service on the board effective January 16, 2025. Effective January 2026, the board revised our non-employee director compensation program for 2026. The stock option grants for non-employee directors, other than the board chair, increased from $50,000 to $100,000, with the board chair option grant increasing from $80,000 to $125,000. The cash retainer for each committee chair increased from $20,000 to $25,000. The non-employee director retainer, other than for the board chair, remained at $100,000. The board chair retainer increased from $120,000 to $125,000. Each director, including the chair, has the option to elect up to 100% of such annual retainer to be paid in stock options. Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Our nominating and corporate governance committee assists the board in maintaining effective governance of Fastenal by discharging its responsibilities relating to the nomination of board appropriate candidates to serve as our directors and provide oversight on corporate governance matters. Our nominating and corporate governance committee consists of five directors, each of whom qualifies as an independent director. Our nominating and corporate governance committee has the authority to: Periodically review the composition, skills, and qualifications of members of the board and recommend any changes to the board in its size or composition; Engage in succession planning for the board; Identify, evaluate, recruit, and recommend to the board candidates to fill any vacant or newly created board positions, occasionally with the assistance of a third-party advisor or recruitment firm; Recommend to the board candidates for election as directors at the annual shareholders meeting; Consider any resignations tendered by directors and recommend appropriate action to the board in response; Monitor and evaluate the orientation and ongoing training needs of directors; Provide opportunities for directors to participate in continuing education programs focused on the responsibilities of members of public company boards of directors; Develop procedures for and conduct an annual review of the performance of the board and the nominating and corporate governance committee; Annually review and reassess the adequacy of Fastenal's corporate governance guidelines; Review and recommend to the board any changes to Fastenal's articles of incorporation and bylaws; Review shareholder proposals relating to corporate governance and review Fastenal's response to such proposals with the board; Evaluate and make recommendations to the board regarding director independence standards; Oversee Fastenal's ESG initiatives, including any ESG policies, practices, and disclosures; Review the board committee structure and the composition of the standing committees, and recommend to the board for appointment the directors to serve as members and chairpersons of the standing committees of the board; and Review and reassess, on at least an annual basis, the adequacy of its charter. Our nominating and corporate governance committee operates under a written charter adopted in April 2012, and most recently amended in January 2026. The nominating and corporate governance committee reviews its charter on an annual basis to determine if any amendments are needed. A copy of the current charter is available on the Governance page of the Investor Relations section of our website at www.fastenal.com. -18- Table of Contents Director Nomination Process Our corporate governance guidelines provide that the following qualifications, skills, and attributes are necessary for Fastenal's directors: Personal integrity; Commitment to Fastenal's stakeholders and concern for our success and welfare; The ability and willingness to apply sound and independent judgment; An awareness of a director's vital part in our good corporate citizenship; Time available for meetings and consultation on company matters; The commitment to serve as a director for a reasonable period of time; and The willingness to assume the fiduciary responsibilities of a director. In selecting and evaluating director candidates, the nominating and corporate governance committee also considers an individual's business, employment and educational background, leadership experience in business or administrative activities, breadth of knowledge about issues affecting Fastenal, and ability to contribute complementary expertise to board or committee activities. Under our corporate governance guidelines, the board has an 'age-limitation' policy relating to service on the board. The policy provides that no person can be nominated by the board for election by the shareholders of Fastenal to the board, or appointed by our directors to fill any vacancy on the board, during any year if such person is 72 years of age or older on January 1 st of such year provided that this 'age-limitation' may be waived by the board under certain circumstances. When selecting and evaluating director nominees, our board seeks a variety of perspectives, backgrounds, and experience. Qualified candidates for membership on the board will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex, ancestry, national origin, sexual orientation, gender, or disability. The nominating and corporate governance committee is mindful of the board's view in this regard in discharging its responsibilities. At the conclusion of each search, the committee evaluates the effectiveness of its process in identifying and recommending candidates to the board. If, after consultation with the full board and members of management to determine Fastenal's need for new directors, the nominating and corporate governance committee decides to recommend the addition of one or more directors, or if a vacancy occurs on the board that the nominating and corporate governance committee determines should be filled, the process described below will be followed by the nominating and corporate governance committee: With input from the chair of the board, initiate the search for director candidates; Identify an initial slate of candidates for consideration which will bring different and complementary viewpoints, opinions, and personal and professional experiences to our board; Conduct inquiries into the background and qualifications of identified candidates; Determine those candidates who should be interviewed and conduct the interviews; Approve a candidate for recommendation to the board; and Seek board endorsement of the recommended candidate for election by our shareholders or board appointment of the recommended candidate to fill a vacancy or a newly created board position between shareholder meetings. Our nominating and corporate governance committee has the authority to retain search firms to assist in identifying and evaluating director candidates, as well as any other advisors as the nominating and corporate governance committee determines necessary to carry out its duties. Fastenal is required to provide appropriate funding, as determined by our nominating and corporate governance committee, for payment of compensation to any search firm or other advisors so employed by the nominating and corporate governance committee. Our nominating and corporate governance committee will consider qualified director candidates recommended by our shareholders in the event it determines to recommend the addition of directors or in the event of a vacancy on the board that Fastenal is required to fill, or that the nominating and corporate governance committee determines should be filled. Candidates recommended by shareholders will be evaluated in the same manner as other candidates. Shareholders may recommend candidates by sending an e-mail to bod@fastenal.com or by writing to Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, Fastenal Company, 2001 Theurer Boulevard, Winona, Minnesota 55987 and providing that candidate's name, biographical data, and qualifications. Shareholders may also nominate director candidates directly if they comply with our bylaws. See 'Deadlines for Receipt of Shareholder Proposals and Nominations for the 2027 Annual Meeting' below. Candidates recommended by our shareholders will be evaluated in the same manner as other candidates. -19- Table of Contents Annual Board and Committee Evaluations Annual self-evaluations of the board and its committees are completed to assess performance and identify opportunities for improvement. In addition, the nominating and corporate governance committee reviews the composition, skills, and qualifications of the individual members of our board of directors on an annual basis, and reports to the board of directors regarding suggested changes in size or composition of the board of directors and any succession planning for the board. Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act) requires our directors and officers to file initial reports of share ownership and reports of changes in share ownership with the SEC. Based solely on a review of these reports and written representations from our directors and officers, all Section 16(a) filing requirements were met for 2025, except that a Form 4 filed by Mr. Daniel L. Johnson on November 21, 2025 reporting one transaction was delinquent and a Form 4 filed by Mr. Charles S. Miller on January 27, 2026 reporting two transactions was delinquent. * * * * * * * * * * PROPOSAL #2 RATIFICATION OF APPOINTMENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM Our audit committee has appointed PwC LLP to serve as our independent registered public accounting firm for the year ending December 31, 2026. While it is not required to do so, the audit committee is submitting the selection of PwC LLP for ratification by our shareholders in order to ascertain the view of our shareholders. If the selection is not ratified, the audit committee will reconsider its selection. Proxies solicited by our board of directors will, unless otherwise directed, be voted to ratify the appointment of PwC LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for the year ending December 31, 2026. A representative of PwC LLP is expected to attend the annual meeting and will be afforded an opportunity to make a statement if such representative so desires and will be available to respond to appropriate questions during the meeting. THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS VOTING FOR RATIFICATION OF THE APPOINTMENT OF PwC LLP AS FASTENAL'S INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM * * * * * * * * * * AUDIT AND RELATED MATTERS Change in Auditors For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024 and prior years, KPMG LLP served as our independent public accounting firm. On July 19, 2024, following a competitive selection process to which several public accounting firms were invited to participate, including KPMG LLP, our audit committee approved a change to our independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2025, and Fastenal notified KPMG LLP, which was serving as Fastenal's independent auditors, of its dismissal effective immediately following KPMG LLP's completion of their audit of Fastenal's consolidated financial statements as of and for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, and the issuance of their report thereon. During the fiscal years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, and the subsequent interim period through February 6, 2025, the effective date of KPMG LLP's dismissal, there were no: (1) 'disagreements' (within the meaning of Item 304(a)(1)(iv) of Regulation S-K and related instructions) with KPMG LLP on any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure, or auditing scope or procedures, which disagreements if not resolved to their satisfaction would have caused them to make reference in connection with their opinion to the subject matter of the disagreement; or (2) 'reportable events' (as defined in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K). The audit reports of KPMG LLP on the consolidated financial statements of Fastenal as of and for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, did not contain an adverse opinion or a disclaimer of opinion, nor were they qualified or modified as to uncertainty, audit scope, or accounting principles. The audit reports of KPMG LLP on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, did not contain an adverse opinion or disclaimer of opinion, nor were they qualified or modified as to uncertainty, audit scope, or accounting principles. The change in independent auditors was previously disclosed in our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 24, 2024. A copy of KPMG's related letter, dated July 24, 2024, was included as an exhibit to such Form 8-K filing. -20- Table of Contents Audit Committee Report As noted earlier, our audit committee oversees Fastenal's financial accounting and reporting processes and systems of internal controls. In performing its oversight function, our audit committee relies upon advice and information received from Fastenal's management and independent registered public accounting firm. In that regard, our audit committee has reviewed and discussed with both the management of Fastenal and representatives of our independent registered public accounting firm our audited consolidated financial statements for 2025, as well as management's assessment of the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting. Management represented to our audit committee as part of those discussions that our audited consolidated financial statements were prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Our audit committee also discussed with our internal auditors and representatives of our independent registered public accounting firm the overall scope and plans for their respective audits. Our audit committee met with the internal auditors and representatives of our independent registered public accounting firm, with and without management present, to discuss the results of their audits, their evaluations of our internal controls, including internal control over financial reporting, and the overall quality of our financial reporting. Our audit committee further discussed with representatives of our independent registered public accounting firm the matters required to be discussed with audit committees by the applicable requirements of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board's standards and the SEC. Our audit committee also received the written disclosure from our independent registered public accounting firm required by the applicable requirements of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding our independent registered public accounting firm's communications with the audit committee concerning independence, and discussed with representatives of our independent registered public accounting firm the independence of that firm. Based on the review and discussions referred to above, our audit committee recommended to our board of directors that our audited financial statements for 2025 be included in our 2025 annual report on Form 10-K for filing with the SEC. Michael J. Ancius (Chair) Brady D. Ericson Hsenghung Sam Hsu Sarah N. Nielsen Irene A. Quarshie Members of the Audit Committee Audit and Related Fees In connection with the audit of our 2025 consolidated financial statements, we entered into engagement letters with PwC LLP which set forth the terms by which PwC LLP agreed to perform audit services for 2025. In connection with the audit of our 2024 consolidated financial statements, we entered into engagement letters with KPMG LLP which set forth the terms by which KPMG LLP agreed to perform audit services for 2024. The following table presents fees billed, or expected to be billed, by our former independent registered public accounting firm, KPMG LLP, for 2024, and current independent registered public accounting firm, PwC LLP, for 2025, for professional services, in the years indicated, by category, as described in the notes to the table. 2025 2024 Audit fees (1) $ 989,989 $ 1,019,590 Audit-related fees (2) 40,000 50,311 All other fees (3) 2,000 60,783 Total $ 1,031,989 $ 1,130,684 (1) Audit services consisted principally of the audit of the financial statements included in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K, reviews of the financial statements included in the Company's Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, and the audit of the effectiveness of the Company's internal controls over financial reporting. (2) Audit-related services consists of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of the Company's consolidated financial statements and are not reported under 'Audit Fees' above. These services primarily include employee benefit plan audits and system pre-implementation assessment services. (3) All other fees relate to costs with respect to a web-based financial reporting disclosure checklist, online accounting research tool, custom learning portal, and auditor transition. Independence of Principal Accountant Our audit committee has considered whether, and has determined that, the provision of the services described above was compatible with maintaining the independence of our independent registered public accounting firm. -21- Table of Contents Pre-Approval of Services The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules of the SEC regarding auditor independence require the pre-approval by our audit committee or pursuant to pre-approval policies and procedures established by our audit committee of audit and non-audit services provided to us by our principal accountant. There is an exception for de minimis non-audit services which may, under certain circumstances, be approved retroactively. Our audit committee has granted to its chair, the authority to pre-approve the provision of audit and non-audit services, provided that any such pre-approvals are reported to the audit committee at its next scheduled meeting. All of the services were pre-approved in accordance with our pre-approval policy, and none of the services provided to us by our independent registered public accounting firms in 2025 or 2024 were approved retroactively pursuant to the exception to the pre-approval requirements for de minimis non-audit services described above. * * * * * * * * * * PROPOSAL #3 AN ADVISORY VOTE ON A NON-BINDING RESOLUTION TO APPROVE THE COMPENSATION OF OUR NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS DISCLOSED IN THIS PROXY STATEMENT Our compensation committee has described our compensation philosophy in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis contained in this proxy statement. Shareholders are encouraged to read the Compensation Discussion and Analysis which also discusses how our compensation programs implement our compensation philosophy, as well as the Summary Compensation Table and other related tables and narrative disclosure which describe the compensation of all individuals who served as our chief executive officer or our chief financial officer during any part of 2025, and the other three most highly compensated executive officers of Fastenal in 2025 who were serving as executive officers at the end of 2025 (collectively, our named executive officers) set forth under 'Executive Compensation' below. The compensation committee and the board of directors believe the policies and procedures articulated in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis are effective in implementing our compensation philosophy and in achieving our compensation goals and that the compensation of our executive officers in 2025 reflects and supports these compensation policies and procedures. As required pursuant to Section 14A of the Exchange Act, shareholders are being asked to vote on the following resolution: RESOLVED, the shareholders of Fastenal Company approve, on an advisory basis, the compensation of Fastenal's named executive officers, as disclosed in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis, compensation tables, and related disclosures contained in the section of the proxy statement for the 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders captioned 'Executive Compensation'. This advisory vote on executive compensation, commonly referred to as a 'say-on-pay' advisory vote, is not binding on our board of directors. However, the board and compensation committee will take into account the results of the vote when determining future executive compensation arrangements. THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS VOTING FOR ADOPTION OF THE RESOLUTION APPROVING THE COMPENSATION OF OUR NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS * * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Compensation Committee Report Our compensation committee has reviewed and discussed the Compensation Discussion and Analysis contained in this proxy statement with management. Based on the compensation committee's review of, and discussions with management with respect to, the Compensation Discussion and Analysis, the compensation committee has recommended to our board of directors that the Compensation Discussion and Analysis be included in this proxy statement and in our 2025 annual report on Form 10-K. Rita J. Heise (Chair) Michael J. Ancius Stephen L. Eastman Daniel L. Johnson Sarah N. Nielsen Members of the Compensation Committee -22- Table of Contents Compensation Discussion and Analysis Executive Summary This Compensation Discussion and Analysis provides information about the fiscal 2025 compensation programs for our named executive officers, who, in 2025, were : Mr. Daniel L. Florness, chief executive officer (1) Mr. Max H. Tunnicliff, senior executive vice president and chief financial officer (effective November 10, 2025) Ms. Sheryl A. Lisowski, executive vice president - chief accounting officer and treasurer (from January 1, 2025 to April 16, 2025), executive vice president - interim chief financial officer, chief accounting officer, and treasurer (from April 17, 2025 to November 9, 2025), and executive vice president - chief accounting officer and treasurer (effective November 10, 2025) Mr. Jeffery M. Watts, president and chief sales officer Mr. Charles S. Miller, senior executive vice president - sales Mr. John L. Soderberg, senior executive vice president - information technology Mr. Holden Lewis, former senior executive vice president and chief financial officer (from January 1, 2025 to April 16, 2025) (1) On December 19, 2025, Mr. Florness announced his decision to step out of the roles of chief executive officer and director, effective as of the CEO Transition Date. Our board also appointed Mr. Watts, our current president and chief sales officer, as our next chief executive officer, effective as of the CEO Transition Date. Assuming that the shareholders of the Company re-elect Mr. Florness as our director at the annual meeting, the board intends to appoint Mr. Watts as a director of the board to replace Mr. Florness, effective as of the CEO Transition Date. We believe compensation programs are most effective when they are fair, simple, transparent, designed to motivate employees to take prudent entrepreneurial risk to achieve company goals, and paid as close to the time the goals are achieved as is possible. Our primary objective is to structure compensation so as to ensure that a significant portion is directly tied to achievement of financial and operational goals and other factors that impact shareholder value. Consistent with this philosophy, our compensation program for executive officers incorporates features such as the following: Annual base salaries are generally below the market median and are generally unchanged on a yearly basis without good reason to put greater emphasis on incentive pay; Quarterly cash incentive opportunities based on growth in pre-tax or net income are typically above the market median; Long-term incentives are provided annually in the form of stock options with extended (generally five to eight year) vesting periods, and are not limited to senior executives; No discounted or reload stock option awards are permitted, and the re-pricing of stock options is prohibited; The vesting of stock option awards is accelerated in connection with a change in control only if the awards are neither assumed nor replaced by the surviving entity in the change in control transaction; Stock ownership guidelines for our executive officers; Retirement and health and welfare plans in which executive officers participate are the same as those generally available to all U.S. employees; No perquisites are provided; and There are no employment, severance, or change in control agreements with any employees, including executive officers. We pay our named executive officers cash incentive bonuses each quarter if we exceed 100% of pre-tax income (and for the chief financial officer, net income) for the comparable quarter of the previous year. This cash incentive plan is very clear and simple, in that cash incentive bonuses are paid as a percentage of income in excess of the minimum targeted amounts. Our payouts are calculated on a quarterly basis, and the quarterly minimum targets are discussed in greater detail in the section titled 'Quarterly Incentives' below. An additional bonus program was in effect for 2025 and is described under '2025 Incentive Program' below. -23- Table of Contents The table below sets out certain financial information for each of the past three years for Fastenal and includes our actual annual pre-tax income and net income on a company-wide basis and an annualized calculation of our minimum target pre-tax income and net income on a company-wide basis. As noted above, bonuses for our named executive officers are determined and paid out on a quarterly basis; however, we felt an annualized depiction would more clearly illustrate the philosophy underlying the bonus component of our compensation program. 2025 % change 2024 % change 2023 % change Net sales $ 8,200,462,000 8.7 % $ 7,546,045,000 2.7 % $ 7,346,744,000 5.2 % Pre-tax income 1,654,951,000 9.7 % 1,508,128,000 -0.9 % 1,521,990,000 5.7 % Pre-tax percent of sales 20.2% 20.0% 20.7% Net income $ 1,258,459,000 9.4 % $ 1,150,553,000 -0.4 % $ 1,154,985,000 6.3 % Pre-tax income minimum target (1) $ 1,508,128,000 $ 1,521,990,000 $ 1,439,951,000 Actual pre-tax income less the minimum target $ 146,823,000 $ (13,862,000) $ 82,039,000 Net income minimum target (1) $ 1,150,553,000 $ 1,154,985,000 $ 1,086,891,000 Actual net income less the minimum target $ 107,906,000 $ (4,432,000) $ 68,094,000 (1) Pre-tax and net income targets were calculated as 100% of the prior year's actual pre-tax or net income. Stock option grants were made in 2025 to all of our named executive officers, except for Mr. Tunnicliff, who joined during the year. In deciding to continue our existing executive compensation practices in 2025 in a manner largely consistent with 2024, our compensation committee took into account the fact that the holders of approximately 94% of the shares voted at our 2025 annual meeting of shareholders approved, on an advisory basis, the compensation of our named executive officers in