=== FAST_2026-02-05.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS In addition to the other information in this Form 10-K, the following factors should be considered in evaluating our business. Our operating results depend upon many factors and are subject to various risks and uncertainties. The material risks and uncertainties known to us which may cause our operating results to vary from anticipated results or which may negatively affect our operating results and profitability are as follows: Company-Specific Risks Operational Risks Products that we sell may expose us to potential material liability for property damage, environmental damage, personal injury, or death linked to the use of those products by our customers. Some of our customers operate in challenging industries in which there is a material risk of catastrophic events. We are actively seeking to expand our sales to certain categories of customers, some of whose businesses may entail heightened levels of such risk. If any of these events are linked to the use of any of our products by our customers, claims could be brought against us by those customers, by governmental authorities, and by third parties who are injured or damaged as a result of such events. In addition, our reputation could be adversely affected by negative publicity surrounding such events regardless of whether or not claims against us are successful. While we maintain insurance coverage to mitigate a portion of this risk and may have recourse against our suppliers for losses arising out of defects in products procured from them, we could experience significant losses as a result of claims made against us to the extent adequate insurance is not in place, the products are manufactured by us or legal recourse against our suppliers is otherwise not available, or our insurers or suppliers are unwilling or unable to satisfy their obligations to us. Interruptions in the proper functioning of information systems or the inability to maintain or upgrade our information systems, or convert to alternate systems in a timely and efficient manner, could disrupt operations, cause unanticipated increases in costs and/or decreases in sales, and result in less efficient operations. The proper functioning of our information systems is critical to many aspects of our business and we could be adversely affected if we experience a disruption or data loss relating to our information systems and are unable to recover in a timely manner. Our information systems are protected with robust backup systems and processes, including physical and software safeguards and remote processing capabilities. Still, information systems are vulnerable to natural disasters, power losses, unauthorized access, cybersecurity incidents, telecommunication failures, and other problems. In addition, certain software used by us is licensed from, and certain services related to our information systems are provided by, third parties who could choose to discontinue their products or services or their relationship with us. It is also possible that we are unable to improve, upgrade, maintain, and expand our information systems. Our ability to process orders, maintain proper levels of inventories, collect accounts receivable, pay expenses, and maintain the security of Fastenal and customer data, as well as the success of our growth drivers, is dependent in varying degrees on the effective and timely operation and support of our IT systems. If critical information systems fail or these systems or related software or services are otherwise unavailable, if we experience extended delays or unexpected expenses in securing, developing, and otherwise implementing technology solutions to support our growth and operations, or if certain insurance coverages are limited in their capabilities or affordability, it could adversely affect our profitability and/or ability to grow. We may not be successful in adopting and integrating emerging technologies. Our ability to maintain and enhance our competitive position depends in part on our capacity to adopt and integrate emerging technologies, including AI and advanced analytics, into our operations, customer solutions, and supply chain management. If we fail to identify, develop, or implement relevant technologies in a timely and cost-effective manner, or if such technologies do not deliver the anticipated benefits, our business operations, customer experience, and financial performance could be adversely affected. Additionally, our competitors may leverage these technologies more effectively, which could result in a loss of market share. The evolving regulatory landscape surrounding AI and data usage may also introduce compliance risks and additional costs. These factors could materially and adversely impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations. The ability to adequately protect our intellectual property or successfully defend against infringement claims by others may have an adverse impact on operations. Additionally, our business relies on the use, validity, and continued protection of certain proprietary information and intellectual property, which include current and future patents, trade secrets, trademarks, service marks, copyrights, and confidentiality agreements, as well as license and sublicense agreements to use intellectual property owned by affiliated entities or third parties. Unauthorized use of our intellectual property by others could result in harm to various aspects of the business and may result in costly and protracted litigation in order to protect our rights. In addition, we may be subject to claims that we have infringed on the intellectual property rights of others, which could subject us to liability, require us to obtain licenses to use those rights at significant cost, or otherwise cause us to modify our operations. 16 Table of Contents Our ability to successfully attract, develop, and retain qualified personnel to staff our selling locations could impact labor costs, sales at existing selling locations, and the successful execution of our growth drivers. Our success depends in part on our ability to attract, motivate, and retain a sufficient number of qualified employees, including inside and outside branch associates, Onsite managers, contract account sales representatives, and logistical and administrative support personnel, who understand and appreciate our culture and are able to adequately represent this culture to our customers. Qualified individuals of the requisite caliber and number needed to fill these positions may be in short supply in some areas, and the turnover rate in the industry is high, particularly for less tenured employees. If we are unable to hire and retain personnel capable of consistently providing a high level of customer service, as demonstrated by their enthusiasm for our culture and product knowledge, our sales could be materially and adversely affected. Additionally, competition for qualified employees could require us to pay higher wages to attract a sufficient number of employees. An inability to recruit and retain a sufficient number of qualified individuals in the future may also delay the planned expansion of our various selling channels. Cybersecurity incidents, or violations of data privacy laws and regulations, could cause us to experience certain operational interruptions, incur substantial additional costs, become subject to legal or regulatory proceedings, or suffer damage to our reputation in the marketplace. The nature of our business requires us to receive, retain, and transmit certain personally identifying information that our customers provide to purchase products or services, register on our websites, or otherwise communicate and interact with us. While we have taken and continue to undertake significant steps to protect our customer and confidential information, a compromise of our data security systems or those of businesses with which we interact could result in information related to our customers or business being obtained by unauthorized persons. We develop and update processes and maintain systems in an effort to try to prevent such unauthorized access, and have established and maintained disclosure controls and procedures that would permit us to make accurate and timely disclosures of any material event, including any cybersecurity event. The development and maintenance of these processes and systems are costly and require ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies change and efforts to overcome security measures become more sophisticated. Consequently, despite our efforts, the possibility of cybersecurity incidents cannot be eliminated entirely. There can be no assurance that we will not experience a cybersecurity incident that may materially impact our business. While we also seek to obtain assurances that third parties we interact with will protect confidential information, there is a risk the confidentiality of data held or accessed by third parties may be compromised. If a compromise of our data security were to occur, it could interrupt our operations, subject us to additional legal, regulatory, and operating costs, and damage our reputation in the marketplace. In addition, regulatory authorities have increased their focus on how companies collect, process, use, store, share, and transmit personal data. Privacy security laws and regulations, including the European Union General Data Protection Regulation 2016, the California Consumer Protection Act, and other similar privacy laws, pose increasingly complex compliance challenges, which may increase compliance costs, and any failure to comply with data privacy laws and regulations could result in significant penalties. 17 Table of Contents Changes in customer or product mix, downward pressure on sales prices, an inability to capture price increases in response to increased costs associated with tariffs, and changes in volume or timing of orders have caused and could continue to cause our gross profit percentage to fluctuate or decline in the future. Changes in our customer and product mix have caused our gross profit percentage to decline and could cause our gross profit percentage to further fluctuate or decline. For example, we have experienced a sustained increase in the proportion of our sales attributable to both non-fastener products and contract accounts and Onsite customers. Non-fastener products typically have a lower gross profit percentage than fasteners because in many cases non-fastener products are less technical, have shorter supply chains, and are easier to transport. Similarly, contract accounts and Onsite customers typically have a lower gross profit percentage than smaller customers by virtue of their scale, available business, and broader offering of products which typically have lower gross profit percentages. Whether and to what extent this adverse mix impact will result in a decline of our gross profit percentage in any given year or period will depend on the extent to which they are offset by positive impacts to gross profit percentage during such year or period. Setting aside the circumstances of any given year or period, however, customer and product mix have contributed to the decline of our gross profit percentage over time and, based on the anticipated sources of our future growth, will likely continue to reduce our gross profit percentage into the foreseeable future. In 2025, tariff rates increased on many of the parts we sell. Additionally, new tariffs were enacted. There are other variables that could cause our gross profit percentage to decline, including downward pressure on sales prices due to deflation, increases in overseas freight charges, the inability of freight sales to leverage the expenses associated with our captive trucking fleet, pressure from customers to reduce costs, or increased competition. We could experience reductions in the volume of purchases we make from our suppliers, which could reduce supplier volume allowances. We may not be able to pass higher product costs along to customers if those customers have ready product or supplier alternatives in the marketplace. In 2025, the softer manufacturing economy continued to cause relative weakness in our more cyclical and higher gross margin fastener product line versus our non-fastener product lines. Similarly, we continued to execute initiatives aimed at accelerating key account penetration, which resulted in relative growth in our lower gross margin contract accounts. The combination of these two events produced pressure on our product gross profit percentage in 2025 from product and customer mix. Our SG&A expenses could grow more rapidly than net sales, which could result in failure to achieve our goals related to leveraging sales growth into higher net income. Over time, we have generally experienced an increase in our SG&A expenses, including costs related to payroll, occupancy, freight, and IT, among others, as our net sales have grown. However, historically, a portion of these expenses has not increased at the same rates as net sales, allowing us to leverage our growth and sustain or expand our operating profit margins. There are various scenarios where we may not be able to continue to achieve this leverage as we have been able to do in the past. For instance, it is typical that when demand slows or declines, most commonly from cyclical or general market factors (although it could be due to customer losses or some other company-specific event), our SG&A expenses do not fall as quickly as net sales. It is also possible that in the future we will elect to make investments in SG&A expenses that would result in costs growing faster than net sales. In addition, market variables, which include but are not exclusive of labor rates, energy costs, legal costs, and health care costs, could move in such a way as to cause us to not be able to manage our SG&A expenses so as to leverage our sales growth into higher net income. In 2025, our incentive compensation programs did not leverage during the year due to increased sales and pretax profit growth compared to contraction or very low growth in most periods of 2024. Our inability to attract or transition key executive officers may divert the attention of other members of our senior leadership and adversely impact our existing operations. Our success depends on the efforts and abilities of our key executive officers and senior leadership. In the event of voluntary or involuntary vacancies in our executive team in the future, the extent to which there is disruption in the oversight and/or leadership of our business will depend on our ability to either transition internal, talented individuals or recruit suitable replacements to serve in these roles. In addition, difficulties in smoothly implementing any transition to new members of our executive team, or recruiting suitable replacements, could divert the attention of other members of our senior leadership team from our existing operations. As previously disclosed, on December 19, 2025, Mr. Florness informed our board of directors of his decision to voluntarily step out of his role as our chief executive officer, effective as of the CEO Transition Date, and his decision to resign from our board of directors, effective as of the CEO Transition Date. On December 19, 2025, our board of directors also appointed Mr. Watts, our current president and chief sales officer, as the next chief executive officer of Fastenal, effective as of the CEO Transition Date. If we are unable to manage this transition effectively, our operations may be disrupted. 18 Table of Contents Our competitive advantage in FMI solutions, which includes industrial vending (FASTVend) and bin stock (FASTStock and FASTBin) tools, could be eliminated and, in the case of FASTVend and FASTBin, the loss of key suppliers of equipment and services could be impactful and result in failure to deploy devices. Certain circumstances could lead to a short-term inability to promote and/or install our FMI solutions. We believe we have a competitive advantage in industrial vending and bin stock due to our hardware and software, our local presence (allowing us to service devices and bins more rapidly and with less burden on our customers), our depth of products that lend themselves to being dispensed through industrial vending devices or bin stocks, and, particularly in North America, our distribution strength. These advantages have developed over time; however, other competitors could respond to our expanding industrial vending and bin stock position with highly competitive platforms of their own. Such competition could negatively impact our ability to expand our industrial vending and bin stock tools or negatively impact the economics of that business. In addition, we currently choose to rely on a limited number of suppliers for our vending devices, RFID technology, and IR technology used in our FASTVend and FASTBin platforms. While devices, software, and services can be obtained from other sources, loss of our current suppliers could be disruptive and could result in our failure to meet short- or long-term goals related to the numbers of FASTVend and FASTBin devices we are able to deploy. Certain circumstances may reduce short-term customer receptivity to adopting our FMI services. For instance, during periods of dramatic change in economic activity, some customers may prioritize managing existing operations over adopting new technologies until business circumstances change. We may be affected by global climate change or legal, tax, regulatory, or market responses to such change. The concern over climate change has led to legislative and regulatory initiatives aimed at reducing greenhouse gas emissions. Compliance with any new or more stringent laws or requirements, or stricter interpretations of existing laws, could require additional expenditures by us or our suppliers. In addition, many of the regulations that have been issued create mandatory, annual reporting requirements related to carbon emissions and other sustainability-related information that will ultimately be subject to audit. If we are unable to respond to any new regulatory or market changes in a timely fashion or at all in a way that satisfies regulators and/or our suppliers and customers, it could directly or indirectly affect our business, supply chains, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Furthermore, climate change may present additional physical risks to our operations and lead to an increased frequency of unusual or extreme weather conditions, which could disrupt our supply chain or harm or disrupt our operations or those of our customers or suppliers. We may be unable to meet our goals regarding the growth drivers of our business. Our sales growth is dependent primarily on our ability to attract new customers and increase our activity with existing customers within North America and abroad. In recent years, we have increased the resources devoted to developing a multi-dimensional, differentiated service offering, including our Digital Footprint (which incorporates our FMI and eBusiness capabilities), contract accounts, international capabilities, and process and consumption analytics. While we have taken steps to build momentum in the growth drivers of our business, we cannot assure you those steps will lead to sales growth. Failure to achieve any of our goals regarding our Digital Footprint, contract accounts, international capabilities, analytics, or other growth drivers could negatively impact our long-term sales and profit growth. In addition, failure to identify appropriate targets for the growth drivers of our business or failure to persuade the appropriate targets to adopt these offerings once identified may adversely impact our internally developed and/or externally communicated deployment objectives. The ability to identify new products and product lines, and integrate them into our selling efforts and distribution network, may impact our ability to compete, our ability to generate additional sales, and our profit margins. Our success depends in part on our ability to develop product expertise at our selling locations and through our specialist roles and identify future products and product lines that complement existing products and product lines and that respond to our customers' needs. We may not be able to compete effectively unless our product selection keeps up with trends in the markets in which we compete or trends in new products. In addition, our ability to integrate new products and product lines into our selling locations and distribution network could impact sales and profit margins. The ability to adequately protect our reputation may have an adverse impact on operations and profitability. The Fastenal name is valuable to our business, as well as to the implementation of our strategies for expanding our business. Maintaining, promoting, and positioning our brand will depend largely on our ability to provide high quality products, deliver consistent services, and improve our customers' business operations. Further, information on Fastenal, including our products and services, can be more easily accessed and more quickly disseminated through traditional and social media and digital channels. Should we fail to deliver a positive customer experience or should our public image be tarnished by negative publicity, whether or not based in fact, it could jeopardize our reputation and discourage customers from purchasing our products and services, which in turn could adversely affect our ability to grow our sales and profitability. 19 Table of Contents We may not be able to compete effectively against traditional or non-traditional competitors, which could cause us to lose market share or erode our gross and/or operating income profit and/or percentage. The industrial, construction, and maintenance supply industry, although slowly consolidating, still remains a large, fragmented, and highly competitive industry. Our current or future competitors may include companies with similar or greater market presence, name recognition, and financial, marketing, technological, and other resources, and we believe they will continue to challenge us with their product selection, financial resources, technological advancements, and services. Increased competition from brick-and-mortar retailers could cause us to lose market share, reduce our prices, or increase our spending. Similarly, the emergence of online retailers, whether as extensions of our traditional competition or in the form of major, non-traditional competitors, could result in easier and quicker price discovery and the adoption of aggressive pricing strategies and sales methods. These pressures could have the effect of eroding our gross and/or operating income profit and/or percentage over time. We may not be successful in integrating acquisitions and achieving intended benefits and synergies. Historically, substantially all of our growth has been organic. However, we have completed several acquisitions over the last decade and expect to continue to pursue strategic acquisitions that we believe will either expand or complement our business in new or existing markets or further enhance the value and offerings we are able to provide to our existing or future potential customers. Acquisitions involve numerous risks and challenges, including, among others, a risk of potential loss of key employees of an acquired business, inability to achieve identified operating and financial synergies anticipated to result from an acquisition, diversion of our capital and our management's attention from other business issues, and risks related to the integration of the acquired business, including unanticipated changes in our business, our industry, or general economic conditions that affect the assumptions underlying the acquisition. Any one or more of these factors could cause us to not realize the benefits anticipated to result from the acquisitions. Equity Risks Our stock price will fluctuate, and at times these fluctuations may be volatile . The prices of markets and individual equities tend to fluctuate. These fluctuations commonly reflect events, many of which may be fully or partially outside of our control, that may change investors' perception of our future income growth prospects, including changes in economic conditions, ability to execute business strategy, the impacts of public policy, investor sentiment, competitive dynamics, and many other factors. While the sources of stock price fluctuation can be common across companies, the magnitude of these fluctuations can vary for different companies. This is commonly measured by beta, which is an individual stock's volatility in relation to the overall market. Our stock price has traditionally had a high beta value, which means fluctuations in the price of our shares will often be sharper than what is experienced by broader market indices. We can provide no assurance that the above-average historical volatility of our stock versus the broader market will moderate. Volatility in our stock price could also result in the filing of securities class action litigation, which could result in substantial costs and the diversion of our management's time, attention, and resources. There can be no assurance that our stock price will continue to reflect the current multiple of income over time. Stock prices, including ours, are commonly thought to be a function of income compounded by a multiple. This is often referred to as a price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio, although other forms of multiples are often utilized by investors to value Fastenal shares. Historically, investors have given our income a higher multiple, or premium, than is typical of the broader industrial sector with which we are typically associated. We believe we have earned this premium by virtue of a long history of superior growth, profitability, and returns. However, to the extent that we fail to successfully execute our growth strategies and/or poorly navigate the risks that surround our business, including those described throughout this section, or to the extent our industry (industrial distribution, or industrial stocks in general) loses favor in the marketplace, there can be no assurance that investors will continue to afford a premium multiple to our income, which could adversely affect our stock price. We cannot provide any guaranty of future dividend payments or that we will continue to purchase shares of our common stock pursuant to our share purchase program. Although our board of directors has historically authorized the payment of quarterly cash dividends on our common stock and indicated an intention to do so in the future, there are no assurances that we will continue to pay dividends in the future or continue to increase dividends at historic rates. In addition, although our board of directors has authorized share purchase programs and we purchased shares in 2022, 2020, and prior years through these programs, we may discontinue doing so at any time. Any decision to continue to pay quarterly dividends on our common stock, to increase those dividends, or to purchase our common stock in the future will be based upon our financial condition and results of operations, the price of our common stock, credit conditions, recommendations of management, and such other factors as are deemed relevant by our board of directors. 20 Table of Contents General Economic and Operating Risks Operational Risks Products manufactured in foreign countries may cease to be available, which could adversely affect our inventory levels and operating results. We obtain certain of our products, and our suppliers obtain certain of their products, from China, Taiwan, South Korea, and other foreign countries. Our suppliers could discontinue or experience disruption in selling products manufactured in foreign countries at any time for reasons that may or may not be in our control or our suppliers' control, including foreign government regulations, domestic government regulations, disruption in trade relationships and agreements, political unrest, war, disease, labor availability, or changes in local economic conditions. Additionally, the shipment of goods from foreign countries could be delayed by container shipping companies encountering financial, capacity, or other difficulties. Our operating results and inventory levels could suffer if we are unable to promptly replace a supplier or shipper who is unwilling or unable to satisfy our requirements with another supplier or shipper providing products and services of comparable quality and utility. A downturn in the economy or in the principal markets served by us and other factors may affect customer spending, which could harm our operating results. In general, our sales are the result of planned and unplanned customer spending on products used in production of final goods, infrastructure construction, and/or the maintenance of facilities. This spending is affected by many factors, including, among others: • general business conditions; • business conditions in our principal markets; • changes in the value of local currencies relative to our functional currency, the U.S. dollar; • interest rates; • increases (inflation) or decreases (deflation) in the cost of products from our vendors, transportation services, energy and fuel prices, and electrical power rates; • liquidity in credit markets; • taxation; • government regulations and actions; • the impact on customer demand or availability of goods and services based on labor shortages or work stoppages; • unemployment trends; • terrorist attacks and acts of war; • impact of higher sustained global temperatures (climate change); • acts of God, which may include, but are not limited to, weather events, earthquakes, pandem

=== FAST_2026-04-16.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A, Risk Factors of our most recently filed annual report on Form 10-K. ITEM 2 — UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities The table below sets forth information regarding purchases of our common stock during the first quarter of 2026: Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (1) Maximum Number (or Approximate Dollar Value) of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (1) January 1-31, 2026 0 $0.00 0 12,400,000 February 1-28, 2026 0 $0.00 0 12,400,000 March 1-31, 2026 425,000 $47.27 425,000 11,975,000 Total 425,000 $47.27 425,000 11,975,000 (1) As of March 31, 2026, we had remaining authority to repurchase 11,975,000 shares of our common stock under the July 12, 2022 authorization, which originally authorized the repurchase of up to 16,000,000 shares. This authorization does not have an expiration date. ITEM 5 — OTHER INFORMATION None of our directors or officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) of the Securities Exchange Act) adopted, modified, or terminated any contract, instruction, or written plan for the purchase or sale of our securities that was intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) of the Securities Exchange Act or any non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (as defined in Item 408(c) of Regulation S-K) during the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2026. ITEM 6 — EXHIBITS INDEX TO EXHIBITS Exhibit Number Description of Document 3.1 Restated Articles of Incorporation of Fastenal Company, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Fastenal Company's Form 8-K dated as of April 24, 2025) 3.2 Restated By-Laws of Fastenal Company dated as of February 2, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Fastenal Company's 10-K for fiscal year ended December 31, 2023) 31 Certifications under Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith) 32 Certification under Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished herewith) 101 The following information from the quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2026, formatted in Inline XBRL: (i) Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income, (iii) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iv) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Equity, (v) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, (vi) Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, and (vii) the information set forth in Part II, Item 5. 104 The cover page from the quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2026, formatted in Inline XBRL. 25 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. FASTENAL COMPANY Date: April 16, 2026 By: /s/ Max H. Tunnicliff Max H. Tunnicliff Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) Date: April 16, 2026 By: /s/ Sheryl A. Lisowski Sheryl A. Lisowski Executive Vice President - Chief Accounting Officer and Treasurer (Duly Authorized Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 26 