=== CRM_2026-03-02.htm.gz ===
Item 1A, Risk Factors, Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Part II, Item 7A, Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk, and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment and new risks emerge from time to time. It is not possible for our management to predict all risks, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. In light of these and other risks and uncertainties, the future events and trends discussed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K may not occur as we expect or at all, and our actual results or outcomes may differ materially and adversely from those expressed or implied in our forward-looking statements. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking statements for any reason. 3 Table of Contents PART I. ITEM 1. BUSINESS Overview Salesforce, Inc. ( Salesforce, the Company, we or our ) is a global leader in customer relationship management ( CRM ) technology, helping organizations of any size become agentic enterprises. Founded in 1999, we bring humans, agents, applications, and data together on a trusted, unified platform to unlock growth and innovation. Our artificial intelligence ( AI ) powered Agentforce 360 Platform unites our offerings spanning sales, service, marketing, commerce, collaboration, data management, integration, analytics, IT service, industry verticals and more on a single, intelligent platform for trusted enterprise execution. We unify and harmonize across systems, applications and devices to create a complete view of customers. With this single source of customer truth powering agents, teams can be more responsive, productive and efficient and deliver AI-powered, personalized and automated experiences across every channel. With Agentforce, the agentic layer of the Agentforce 360 Platform, our customers can build and deploy always-on digital labor for employees and customers, leveraging autonomous AI agents across business functions that aim to increase productivity, lower costs and drive operational efficiencies. With Agentforce, AI is embedded in the flow of work in the applications that our customers already use every day. Every Agentforce-embedded application now reasons, learns, and takes action alongside users. Our service offerings are designed to be flexible, scalable and easy to use. They can generally be configured easily, deployed rapidly and integrated with other platforms and enterprise applications. We sell to businesses worldwide, primarily on a subscription basis, through our direct sales efforts and also indirectly through partners. In addition, we enable third parties to use our platform and developer tools to create additional functionality and new applications that run on our platform, which are sold separately from, or in conjunction with, our service offerings. Salesforce is committed to a core set of values: trust, customer success, innovation, equality and sustainability all of which are grounded in legal and regulatory frameworks that guide and inform our business. Foremost among these is trust, which is paramount and the foundation for everything we do, and is also firmly rooted in compliance with applicable laws governing security, privacy, data protection and operational integrity. Our customers expect to trust and rely on our technology to meet the high enterprise-grade standards of security, privacy, performance, legal compliance and availability at scale. Customer success is at the core of our business, and we align the entire company around our customers needs, promoting their success and delivering value while upholding applicable laws, contractual obligations and industry regulations and standards. Innovation is fundamental to our mission, empowering and enabling our customers to stay ahead in their industries and driving technological advancements in line with evolving laws, standards and guidelines. Equality is a legal and ethical mandate and a core tenet that informs how we operate. Our commitment to equal opportunity is anchored in applicable laws, statutes, regulations and principles. We value the equality of every individual at our company and in our communities and are dedicated to fostering a workplace that complies with these protections, creating an inclusive culture where every individual feels seen, heard and valued. Finally, we are committed to creating a more sustainable and nature-positive future for all. Our products and services help our customers meet their own sustainability and compliance priorities, guided by applicable environmental and sustainability-related laws, corporate social responsibility frameworks and legal requirements. By grounding our values in legal and regulatory principles, we reinforce our opportunity and responsibility to uphold high integrity and robust ethical standards, ensuring that trust, fairness, and compliance remain central to everything we seek to do. We believe that our values, grounded in legal and regulatory frameworks, create value, and the business of business is to make the world a better place for all of our stakeholders, including stockholders, customers, employees, partners, the planet and the communities in which we work and live. Salesforce is committed to giving back to our communities, helping businesses grow while protecting the environment for future generations, and transparent environmental, social and governance disclosures. We believe we have a broad responsibility to society, and we aspire to create a framework for the ethical and humane use of technology that not only drives the success of our customers, but also upholds the basic human rights of every individual. Our Service Offerings We believe every business, in every industry, must become an Agentic Enterprise creating agent-first experiences that increase efficiency, boost productivity, and drive growth for customers, employees, and partners. We view Salesforce to be uniquely positioned to lead customers through this transformation. By integrating data, metadata, applications and agents, we have created a deeply unified platform for the Agentic Enterprise, with humans at the center. Central to this ecosystem is Slack, which serves as the primary conversational interface, allowing users to interact with Agentforce-embedded applications and autonomous agents within their natural flow of work. These Agentforce-embedded applications are infused with agentic capabilities that turn workflows into personalized, intelligent, autonomous experiences so customers and employees can move faster, make better decisions, and achieve more value. Our service offerings are designed to work together and include: 4 Table of Contents Agentforce Sales. Our Agentforce Sales offering is an integrated platform that brings together the power of humans with AI agents to help sales teams sell faster and smarter, and to efficiently manage and automate entire sales processes. It provides sales capabilities and tools built for an entire sales organization across prospecting, sales engagement, team collaboration, sales analytics and AI, sales programs, sales performance, partner management, and revenue and orders. With our Sales offering, businesses can create lifelong customers by connecting their entire organization and unifying all data sources on a single integrated platform. Further, with Agentforce for Sales, customers can build a sales team augmented by a digital labor force and empower every seller with their own AI agent to help accelerate productivity and drive growth. Agentforce Service. Our Agentforce Service offering enables companies in every industry to bring all of their customer, employee, IT and field service needs onto one integrated, AI-powered platform to deliver trusted, highly personalized customer support at scale. It also helps our customers maximize productivity, resolve cases faster and improve customer satisfaction by automating routine tasks. With Agentforce for Service, customers can tap the power of digital labor to handle low-touch interactions and help their teams with high-touch tasks, unlocking new levels of efficiency. Agentforce automatically routes cases to the best service agent for the job, responds to customers with personalized, relevant answers grounded in company data and performs tasks like auto-summarizing support cases and field work orders. Our service offering also provides a field service solution that enables companies to connect service agents, dispatchers and mobile employees through one centralized platform, on which they can intelligently schedule and dispatch work as well as track and manage jobs. Agentforce 360 Platform, Slack and Other. The Agentforce 360 Platform enables companies of all industries, sizes, and locations to build business workflows, applications and AI agents on a single, comprehensive platform to help automate processes, boost efficiency, increase productivity and reduce information technology costs. It facilitates development with no-code and low-code tools that are easy to use and free to learn, empowering teams to build trusted applications, workflows, AI agents and much more. Our Trust Layer is built into the Platform to help customers safely use their data and set guardrails on what AI agents do with that data. The Agentforce 360 Platform is built on Hyperforce, our infrastructure that helps customers manage data governance and compliance at a local level, all over the world. Our technology partners help customers to add the applications and agents they need and utilize the data lakes and other infrastructure they have already invested in. With our open, extensible Agentforce 360 Platform, customers can integrate and build with any data or partner application they choose to make the Agentforce 360 Platform work for their business. Data 360 . Data 360 is Salesforce s hyperscale, trusted data engine that gives AI agents their context and serves as the foundation for how customers unify our service offerings making their data actionable for both humans and agents. It connects enterprise data from across clouds, systems, and channels utilizing zero-copy technology to access external data sources without the need for duplication. This architecture unifies, cleans, and harmonizes the data into a single, governed source of truth that agents can reliably understand and act on. Through real-time ingestion, transformation, indexing, and retrieval-augmented generation, Data 360 turns both structured records and unstructured content emails, documents, conversations, and events into usable, searchable intelligence. This gives AI agents the customer and business context they need to reason accurately, personalize interactions, and make better decisions in the moment. By leveraging Data 360 s metadata and trust framework, Data 360 is designed to make every data point permissioned, governed, and compliant, so agents see only what they are allowed to see and act only within approved boundaries. Informatica . The acquisition of Informatica closed in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2026, significantly expanding our trusted data foundations. Informatica is an enterprise-grade, AI-powered data management platform that enables customers to discover, integrate, govern, and deliver trusted data at scale across hybrid and multi-cloud environments. It provides comprehensive capabilities for data integration, quality, governance, master data and metadata management, and catalog services that connect and harmonize data from any source whether on-premises, cloud-based, or within legacy systems. By leveraging Informatica's agentic and metadata-driven architecture, customers can break down data silos with confidence in data quality and compliance, and establish a unified foundation for enterprise AI. Informatica extends our data connectivity beyond native integrations, enabling customers to bring enterprise data from complex, distributed systems into Salesforce and Data 360 while autonomously maintaining governance, lineage, and security controls across the entire data lifecycle. Slack. Our Slack offering is the conversational interface for the Agentic Enterprise where people and agents work together, connecting knowledge, actions, and data in real time. Slack centralizes conversations and collaboration, automates business processes, makes search and knowledge sharing seamless, and delivers trusted generative and agentic AI that augments employees so they can work smarter, make decisions faster, and drive real outcomes. Slack is also deeply integrated with every Salesforce offering, including Agentforce. We recently introduced Slackbot, a trusted, out-of-the-box personalized employee agent in Slack that can find answers, organize work, create content, schedule meetings, and take action. Agentforce . Agentforce enables customers to build, deploy, and manage enterprise-grade, autonomous AI agents at scale, enabling humans and agents to work together. Agentforce connects AI models directly to execution, handling workflows. Agents built on Agentforce can access live business data through Data 360, follow company policies defined in Salesforce metadata, and take action through Salesforce applications and MuleSoft Application Programming Interfaces ( APIs ). All of our customers deterministic business logic, workflows, and policies are instantly accessible to agents, without requiring 5 Table of Contents customers to remove and rebuild existing processes. Agents know the jobs to be done, and the steps needed to complete them, which greatly reduces complexity and speeds time to value. By pairing Large Language Model ( LLM ) reasoning with deterministic logic, Agentforce delivers more accurate, reliable outcomes within our trust layer. Agentforce is infused across every Salesforce application, so intelligence is embedded directly into the workflows where work actually happens. Instead of switching between tools, people can collaborate with agents inside and across the systems they already use every day, using natural language, across the majority of communication channels, including voice, chat and Slack. Every agent operates within defined permissions with full observability, governance, and auditability. Organizations can see what agents are doing, measure their performance, understand why decisions were made and intervene when needed. Teams can manage the complete agent development lifecycle with a set of tools to build, test, deploy, manage and orchestrate AI agents at scale. At its core, Agentforce powers the Agentic Enterprise where humans set direction and values, and agents execute with speed, precision, and trust. Agentforce Marketing and Agentforce Commerce. Marketing. Our Marketing offering is a complete marketing platform designed to help customers personalize engagement across the customer lifecycle. By connecting departments through actionable data and autonomous AI agents, we empower teams to work together to build lasting customer relationships. With Agentforce for Marketing, marketers can save time on every step of the campaign process by generating briefs, content, and journeys, as well as optimizing performance and spend with actionable insights and predictive AI. With unified, 360-degree customer profiles, marketers and AI agents can easily build segments, calculate insights, analyze performance, and power AI recommendations, decisioning and automations. Agentforce for Marketing transforms traditional channels into two-way conversations, and enables teams to seamlessly provide next-best-offer recommendations for sales, support customer retention through proactive promotions, and re-engage inactive shoppers. Commerce. Our Commerce offering helps connect every aspect of commerce from marketing and sales to service and fulfillment on a single, connected, AI-powered platform, enabling brands to deliver personalized, seamless shopping experiences across every customer touchpoint. With Agentforce for Commerce, brands can autonomously manage a range of tasks with AI agents, such as product recommendations and order lookup, helping to boost capacity and productivity across marketing, commerce, merchandising, and store operations. With trusted AI and AI agents, businesses can generate product descriptions and web pages, and deliver personalized shopping assistance using natural language. Native integrations between our Commerce, Sales, Service and Marketing offerings enable brands to tackle complex challenges and build cohesive digital experiences. Additionally, our Commerce offering delivers click-to-code tools, which provide customers with the ability to quickly build and deploy our solutions around their customers as markets, industries, and customers evolve. Agentforce Integration and Agentforce Analytics. Integration. Our unified Integration, Automation, and API Management offerings, powered by MuleSoft, provide the essential building blocks to deliver AI-powered, end-to-end, connected experiences and faster innovation. Customers use MuleSoft across their systems to connect data, take action on their data using no-code or low-code automations across any system, and scale API governance to help secure and monitor all of their data in transit. MuleSoft Agent Fabric allows organizations to manage, govern, and observe agents regardless of where they were built or where they run, and provides a central registry to discover and reuse agents across the enterprise. Analytics . Our analytics offerings, including Tableau, provide advanced, end-to-end solutions that turn data into insight and action for a wide range of business use cases, powered by agentic AI. Built on the Agentforce 360 Platform, Tableau enables customers to visualize, analyze, and act on data from any source, and continuously surface trends, predict outcomes, and deliver recommendations. Tableau Semantics, integrated into Data 360, translates data into business language, driving more accurate responses and relevant insights. Agentforce agents can trigger actions directly from Tableau such as updating a forecast, launching a campaign, or escalating a customer issue. Tableau analytics can be surfaced natively within Salesforce applications, including Slack, lowering the barriers of actionable analytics for everyone. Other Salesforce Offerings In addition to our solution specific service offerings, we have specialized solutions that work across our offerings to support our customers business needs. These additional service offerings include: Industries . Our industry vertical offerings meet the specific needs of our customers across different industries, such as financial services, healthcare and life sciences, manufacturing, automotive and government. Each of our distinct industry offerings provide out-of-the-box, Agentforce-powered capabilities that enable industry customers to leverage the full Agentforce 360 Platform with purpose-built tools that address industry-specific needs and provide the speed and flexibility to keep up with changing times and customer demands. Salesforce s industry offerings also includes Industries AI a suite of capabilities for more than 200 industries and a library with resources on how to get started for every industry offering. Industries AI serves as the foundation for creating industry-specific AI agents with Agentforce that can be set up in minutes, work around the clock, and autonomously perform industry-specific business tasks and actions. 6 Table of Contents Salesforce Starter. We offer Starter Suite, an all-in-one, easy-to-use solution for small and medium-size businesses that brings sales, service, marketing and commerce together. Starter Suite helps businesses launch Salesforce quickly and easily, so they can save time, boost productivity, and manage relationships with all of their customer operations in one centralized location. Starter Suite allows businesses to build a trusted foundation of customer data for advanced AI technology to support efficient business growth. Business Benefits of Using Our Solutions The key advantages of our solutions include the following: an industry-leading, AI-powered deeply unified platform to create an Agentic Enterprise for business-to-business, business-to-consumer and business-to-employee for the all-digital, work-from-anywhere world; scalable, efficient and flexible solutions for any size company or industry; a single source of truth that connects customer data across systems, applications and devices to help companies sell, service, market and conduct commerce from anywhere; the ability to unlock companies customer data across their business, see and understand their data with advanced analytics, make predictions with pervasive AI, automate tasks and personalize every interaction; the ability to infuse trusted AI in the flow of work and create AI agents that help make the customer experience more intelligent, automated and personalized, and enhance employee productivity; the ability to collaborate easily with customers, employees, partners and systems; modern low-code and no-code tools powered by leading edge AI, which empowers developers and business users to create digital experiences, build agents and configure and automate business processes to fit the needs of any business, accelerating time to value; the ability to accelerate adoption and drive results with purpose-built, compliant tools and processes that deliver out-of-the-box functionality, security and interoperability; and an enterprise application and agent marketplace and a community of tens of millions of Trailblazers who are passionate developers, admins and experts that use Salesforce to innovate and extend the platform with thousands of partner applications. Our Business and Growth Strategy We continue to expand in the growing addressable markets across all of our service offerings. We continue to focus on several key growth levers, including driving multiple service offering adoption, increasing our penetration with enterprise and international customers and increasing our industry-specific reach with more vertical software solutions. We orient our business strategy and invest for future growth by focusing on the following key priorities: Expand relationships with existing customers. We see significant opportunities to deepen existing customer relationships through cross-selling and upselling our service offerings. For example, we continue to focus on driving adoption of multiple service offerings, which provides our customers with a one-stop-shop for their front-office business technology needs. As our customers realize the benefits of our entire suite of service offerings, we aim to upgrade the customers experience with new products and features and gain additional subscriptions by targeting new functional areas and business units. Finally, we aim to expand our relationships with existing customers through our additional support offerings. Increase geographic reach. By extending our go-to-market capabilities globally, we aim to grow our business by selling to new customers in new regions. We will continue to pursue businesses of all sizes in most major markets globally. We also plan to continue to develop distribution channels through new and existing marketplaces and partners for our solutions around the globe and new go-to-market strategies. We continue to invest in our domestic and international operations and infrastructure to deliver the highest-quality service to our customers around the world. Focus on industries and new products. As part of our growth strategy, we are delivering innovative and value-driven solutions in new categories based on our existing and potential customers needs. For example, we provide out-of-the-box solutions specifically built for customers in certain industries, such as financial services, healthcare and life sciences, manufacturing and more. In addition, through direct discussions and strategic engagements with our customers, we are able to deliver the innovations and enhancements that align with the needs of our customers. Leverage our partner ecosystem. The Agentforce 360 Platform enables customers, independent software vendors ( ISVs ) and third-party developers to create, test and deliver cloud-based applications. These applications can be marketed and sold on the AppExchange, our enterprise cloud marketplace, or sold directly by software vendors. In addition, we rely on our consulting partners to deliver technology solutions and expertise to customers, from large-scale implementations to more limited solutions that help businesses run more efficiently. We continue to work with and invest in our partner ecosystem, including these ISVs and system integrators ( SIs ), to accelerate our reach into new markets and industries. Promote strong customer adoption and reduce customer attrition. We believe that we have the people, processes and proven innovation to help companies transform successfully. Our customer success programs, including success management resources, advisory services, technical architects and business strategists, help enable and accelerate our customers digital 7 Table of Contents transformations. In addition, we have free, curated resources such as Trailhead to help companies learn our systems and a community of Trailblazers who drive innovation. With these programs and resources, we aim to reduce attrition and secure renewals of existing customer subscriptions. Mergers and Acquisitions and Strategic Investments We evaluate opportunities to acquire or invest in complementary businesses, services, technologies and intellectual property to complement our organic innovation and advance the development of our Agentforce 360 Platform. Our evaluation seeks to confirm that any potential acquisition accelerates our strategy, represents an attractive customer opportunity, provides a pathway to effectively monetize the acquired products and drive significant operational efficiencies and presents a clear timeline for value accretion. Our acquisitions can range in size and complexity, from those that enhance or complement existing products and accelerate development of features to large-scale acquisitions that result in new service offerings. Our goal is to prioritize the use of our balance sheet, through cash and debt, to complete acquisitions. We also manage a portfolio of strategic investments in both privately held and publicly traded companies focused primarily on enterprise cloud companies, technology startups and system integrators. Our investments range from early to late stage companies, including investments made concurrent with a company s initial public offering. We invest in companies that we believe are digitally transforming their industries, improving customer experiences, helping us expand our solution ecosystem or supporting other corporate initiatives, including AI. We plan to continue making these types of strategic investments as opportunities arise that we find attractive, including investments in companies representing targeted businesses, technological initiatives and geographies. Our strategy includes growing our strategic investment portfolio, in part, by reinvesting proceeds from the sales of strategic investments. Technology, Development and Operations We primarily deliver our solutions as highly scalable cloud computing application and platform services on a multi-tenant technology architecture. Multi-tenancy is an architectural approach that allows us to operate a single application instance for multiple organizations, treating all customers as separate tenants who run in virtual isolation from each other. This approach allows us to spread the cost of delivering our services across our user base and scale our business faster than traditional software vendors while focusing our resources on building new functionality and enhancing existing offerings. We provide our services through cloud computing platform partners who offer Infrastructure-as-a-Service, including servers, storage, databases and networking, as well as through infrastructure designed and operated by us but secured within third-party data center facilities. We continue to invest in and expand the deployment of Hyperforce, which allows our platform and applications to be delivered rapidly and reliably to locations worldwide and provides our customers autonomy and control over data residency. Our technology and product efforts are focused on improving and enhancing the features, functionality, performance, availability and security of our existing service offerings, as well as developing new features, functionality and services. We also remain focused on integrating businesses, services and technologies from acquisitions. Performance, functional depth, security, usability, ease of integration and configuration and sustainability of our solutions influence our technology decisions and product direction. Competition The market for our service offerings is highly competitive, rapidly evolving and fragmented, and subject to changing technology with low barriers to entry, shifting customer needs and frequent introductions of new products and services. Our current competitors include: vendors of packaged business software, as well as companies offering enterprise applications delivered through on-premises offerings from enterprise software application vendors and cloud computing application service providers, either individually or with others; AI-native companies and emerging startups that leverage generative AI and large language models as the core foundation of their architecture, offering highly specialized, autonomous, or automated solutions that may bypass traditional business process workflows or displace established user interfaces; software companies that provide their product or service free of charge as a single product or when bundled with other offerings, or only charge a premium for advanced features and functionality, as well as companies that offer solutions that are sold without a direct sales organization; vendors who offer software tailored to specific services, industries or market segments, as opposed to our full suite of service offerings including suppliers of traditional business intelligence and data preparation products, integration software vendors, marketing vendors, e-commerce solutions vendors, or AI software and service vendors; productivity tool and email providers, unified communications providers and consumer application companies that have entered the business software market; and 8 Table of Contents traditional platform development environment companies and cloud computing development platform companies who may develop toolsets and products that allow customers to build new applications, including AI augmented applications, that run on the customers current infrastructure or as hosted services, as well as would-be customers who may develop enterprise applications for internal use. We believe more companies may become competitive threats due to the attractiveness of the markets in which we operate. We also expect our competition to change and evolve as we expand into more markets with new offerings. Customers We sell to businesses of all sizes and in almost every industry worldwide. The number of paying subscriptions at each of our customers ranges from one to hundreds of thousands. None of our customers accounted for more than ten percent of our revenues in fiscal years 2026, 2025 or 2024. In addition, we do not have any material dependencies on any specific product, service or particular group or groups. Customer Service and Support We offer professional services to help customers achieve business results faster with Salesforce solutions. Our architects and innovation program teams act as advisors to plan and execute digital transformations for our customers. This includes implementation services for multi-offering and complex deployments. We provide best-practices and AI-based recommendations and adoption programs globally. To further accelerate technical delivery, we utilize Forward Deployed Engineers ( FDEs ) who work side-by-side with our customers. FDEs are embedded within customer teams to build tailored AI agents, integrate complex data streams, and ensure that our latest innovations, such as Agentforce, are operationalized rapidly within the customer's unique technical environment. In addition, we provide advanced education, including in-person and online courses, to certify our customers and partners on architecting, administering, deploying and developing our service offerings. Our global customer support group responds to both business and technical inquiries about the use of our products via the web, telephone, email, social networks and other channels. We provide standard customer support during regular business hours to customers as part of our paying subscription editions. We also offer premier customer support that is either included in a premium success offering or sold for an additional fee, which can include services such as priority access to technical resources, developer support and system administration. In addition, we offer a premier priority support add-on that includes proactive monitoring, rapid incident response and instruction from a dedicated support team knowledgeable about the customer's specific enterprise architecture. With the launch of Agentforce, we have made it easier for customers to find answers by providing an even more intuitive experience on our Salesforce Help page. Agentforce can resolve customer issues swiftly and accurately with answers grounded in our trusted, unstructured content unified in Data 360. By automating simple and repetitive tasks, our support engineers are able to augment and scale their time in a more valuable way. Sales and Marketing We sell our services primarily through our direct sales force, which comprises sales personnel based in regional hubs, field sales personnel based in territories close to their customers and self-service offerings. To a lesser extent, we also utilize a network of partners who refer sales leads to us and assist in selling to prospects. This network includes global consulting firms, system integrators and other partners. In return, we typically pay these partners a fee based on the first-year subscription revenue generated by the customers they refer. We continue to invest in developing additional distribution channels for our subscription services. We use a variety of marketing programs across traditional and social channels to target our prospective and current customers, partners and developers. We focus our marketing activities in the cities and countries with the largest market opportunities. Our primary marketing activities include: multichannel marketing campaigns that span email, social media, the web, television and more, which align to a broader customer journey; in-person and virtual customer events of all sizes to create customer and prospect awareness, including proprietary events such as Dreamforce and our virtual Dreamforce to You, World Tours and other virtual events, as well as participation in trade shows and industry events; live events and original programming on our Salesforce+ streaming service, which includes discussions about the future of technology in the AI-first, work anywhere world and educational content to learn new skills and pursue new career opportunities; press and industry analyst relations to garner third-party validation and generate positive coverage for our company, brand, service offerings and value proposition; partner co-marketing activities with global and regional implementation partners; customer testimonials and our community of Trailblazers: individuals who drive innovation, grow their careers and transform their businesses using the Agentforce 360 Platform; 9 Table of Contents in-person and virtual technology event sponsorships; and event partnerships with high-profile global brands and organizations. Intellectual Property We rely on a combination of trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets, patents and contractual provisions to protect our proprietary technology and our brands. We also enter into confidentiality and proprietary rights agreements with our employees, consultants and other third parties and control access to software, services, documentation and other proprietary information. We believe the duration of our patents is adequate relative to the expected lives of our service offerings. We also purchase or license technology that we incorporate into our products or services. At times, we make select intellectual property broadly available at no or low cost to achieve a strategic objective, such as promoting industry standards, advancing interoperability, supporting open source software or attracting and enabling our external development community. While it may be necessary in the future to seek or renew licenses relating to various aspects of our products and business methods, we believe, based upon past experience and industry practice, such licenses generally should be obtainable on commercially reasonable terms. Human Capital Management Salesforce is committed to a core set of values: trust, customer success, innovation, equality and sustainability. These core values are the foundation of our company culture, which we believe is fundamental to, and a competitive advantage in, our approach to managing our workforce. We believe our company culture fosters open dialogue, collaboration, recognition and a sense of belonging, all of which allow us to attract and retain the best talent, which is critical for our continued success. For example, our sales, engineering and customer success teams are critical to our ability to grow, innovate, and promote the trust and success of our customers. We believe our efforts in managing our workforce have been effective. Our focus on our workplace environment and a strong company culture has led to recognition and numerous awards across the globe. As of January 31, 2026, we had 83,334 employees. None of our employees in the United States are represented by a labor union. However, employees of certain foreign subsidiaries are represented by works councils and/or labor unions. We have continued to invest in equality initiatives, employee impact programs, and workforce development, supported by strong employee engagement and ongoing communications and feedback. For additional information on our workforce, refer to our annual Stakeholder Impact Report, https://salesforce.com/stakeholder-impact-report. Some of our key human capital management initiatives are summarized below: Equality We are committed to our longstanding core value of equality equal opportunities, equal pay for equal work, and the dignity of every person. Our approach to equality is rooted in compliance with federal laws and regulations. We are committed to upholding these legal standards to foster a fair and inclusive workplace. By adhering to these requirements, we support a work environment where all individuals are treated equitably, have access to opportunities, and are protected from discrimination. Talent and Career Development We offer a comprehensive portfolio of talent development programs that foster a culture of continuous learning and enable employees to grow with evolving business needs. Our internal talent marketplace, Career Connect, facilitates internal mobility and structured career development plans, while our global learning platform, Trailhead, provides personalized, role-specific content. To help prepare for future-readiness, we anchor development around our Top 10 Enterprise Skills - from Agent AI Literacy to Strategic Problem Solving - which are embedded into our development processes and quarterly check-ins. These Enterprise Skills are also the foundation of our 4R s strategy - redesign, reskill, redeploy and rebalance. We want to help our employees build the right skills for the future and afford them the opportunity to grow, learn and be relevant based on the market and business needs. We support external learning through tuition reimbursement and offer structured onboarding, leadership development, and mentorship initiatives. These programs empower employees at all levels to lead and perform effectively in our dynamic environment. Total Rewards We believe offering competitive compensation packages and robust benefits is an important factor in our ability to attract, retain and motivate our employees and to help enhance their everyday wellbeing. We use a combination of fixed and variable cash compensation for all employees and award equity compensation to certain employees in the form of restricted stock units and performance-based restricted stock units and options. Eligible employees are also able to participate in our Employee Stock Purchase Plan, which allows employees to purchase our stock at a 15 percent discount up to U.S. Internal Revenue Code limits. We also match up to $10,000 of donations, per employee, to eligible nonprofit organizations. We offer employees benefits that vary by country and are designed to meet or exceed local legal requirements and to be competitive in the marketplace. 10 Table of Contents Our V2MOM and Code of Conduct Alignment and consistent and clear communication are a key part of our employee engagement, especially as we continue to grow. Each year, we complete a corporate V2MOM, which is our business plan for the year used to align the company on our vision, values, methods, obstacles and measures for the upcoming year. All employees are then expected to complete their own V2MOM that aligns with the corporate V2MOM. In addition, our Code of Conduct reflects our core values, which remain the foundation of the Company and which directly impact our ability to deliver success. We expect all of our employees to act with integrity, including treating others with compassion and respect. Employee Engagement and Satisfaction Our leadership strives for active engagement with our employees through a variety of channels, including all-company meetings and our daily newsletter, The Daily, allowing employees to stay connected with the business and new developments. We also encourage engagement beyond the workplace through our volunteering program, which enables employees to use their time, talent, and resources to make a meaningful impact in their communities. Employees receive seven paid days of volunteer time off each year to support causes that are personal to them. Twice a year, all employees have the opportunity to complete a confidential survey measuring employee engagement and experience, the health of our culture, and how we are living up to our values. This survey is one of several ways we seek to understand employee experience and drive real change across the Company. Government Regulation We operate globally and are subject to numerous U.S. federal, state and foreign laws and regulations covering a wide variety of subject matters. Additional information regarding governmental regulations relevant to our business is discussed in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors. Available Information Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ), and all amendments to these filings, can be obtained free of charge from our website at http://investor.salesforce.com/financials/ or by contacting our Investor Relations department at our office address listed above as soon as reasonably practicable following our filing of any of these reports with the SEC. The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov. The contents of these and other websites referenced throughout the filing are not incorporated and do not constitute a part of this filing. Further, our references to the URLs for these websites are intended to be inactive textual references only. Our principal executive offices are located in San Francisco, California. Our principal address is Salesforce Tower, 415 Mission St., 3rd Floor, San Francisco, California 94105, and our primary website address is www.salesforce.com. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS In evaluating our business, you should carefully consider the following discussion of material risks, events and uncertainties that make an investment in us speculative or risky in addition to the other information included in this Annual Report. A manifestation of any of the following risks and uncertainties could, in circumstances we may or may not be able to accurately predict, materially and adversely affect our business and operations, growth, reputation, prospects, operating and financial results, financial condition, cash flows, liquidity and stock price. Some of the factors, events and contingencies discussed below may have occurred in the past, but the disclosures below are not representations as to whether or not the factors, events or contingencies have occurred in the past and instead reflect our beliefs and opinions as to the factors, events or contingencies that could materially and adversely affect us in the future. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Other events, factors or uncertainties that we do not currently anticipate or that we currently deem immaterial also may affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, other key metrics and the trading price of our common stock. Therefore, you should not consider the following risks to be a complete statement of all the potential risks or uncertainties that we face. Risk Factor Summary Operational and Execution Risks Any breaches in our security measures or those of our third-party data center providers, cloud computing platform providers, customers, partners, or other third-party vendors, or the underlying Internet infrastructure that cause unauthorized access to, disclosure, alteration, corruption, destruction or loss of customer data, our data or our IT systems, or disruption of authorized access thereto. Any defects or disruptions in our services that diminish demand for our services. 11 Table of Contents Any interruptions or delays in services from third parties, including data center hosting facilities, cloud computing platform providers and other hardware and software vendors, as well as Internet infrastructure, or from our inability to adequately plan for and manage service interruptions or infrastructure capacity requirements. An inability to realize the expected business or financial benefits of company and technology acquisitions. Strain on our personnel resources and infrastructure from supporting our existing and growing customer base or an inability to scale our operations and increase productivity. Customer attrition, or our inability to accurately predict subscription renewals and upgrade rates. Disruptions caused by periodic changes to our sales organization. Exposure to risks inherent in international operations from sales to customers outside the United States. A more time-consuming and expensive sales cycle, pricing pressure and implementation and configuration challenges for sales efforts to larger enterprise customers. Any loss of key members of our management team or development and operations personnel, or inability to attract and retain employees necessary to support our operations and growth. Any failure in the delivery of high-quality professional and technical support services related to our online applications. Strategic and Industry Risks An inability to compete effectively in the intensely competitive markets in which we participate. Any failure to expand our services and to develop and integrate our existing services in order to keep pace with technological developments. An inability to maintain and enhance our brands. Partial or complete loss of invested capital, or significant changes in the fair value, of our strategic investment portfolio. Any discontinuance by third-party developers and vendors in embracing our technology delivery model and enterprise cloud computing services, or customers asking us for warranties for third-party applications, integrations, data and content. Social, ethical, and regulatory issues, including the development, deployment, use or capabilities of AI in our offerings. The evolving landscape related to environmental, social and governance matters. Legal and Regulatory Risks Privacy concerns and laws as well as evolving regulation of cloud computing, AI services, increased restriction of cross-border data transfers and other regulatory developments. Evolving industry-specific regulations, requirements, interpretive positions or standards. Lawsuits against us by third parties for various claims, including alleged infringement of proprietary rights. Any failure to obtain registration or protection of our intellectual property rights. Risks related to government contracts and related procurement regulations. Governmental sanctions and export and import controls that could impair our ability to compete in international markets and may subject us to liability. Financial Risks Downturns or upturns in new business, which may not be immediately reflected in our operating results because we generally recognize revenue from subscriptions for our services over the term of the subscription. Significant fluctuations in our rate of anticipated growth and any failure to balance our expenses with our revenue forecasts. Unanticipated changes in our effective tax rate and additional tax liabilities and global tax developments. Fluctuations in currency exchange rates, particularly the U.S. Dollar versus local currencies. Our debt service obligations, lease commitments and other contractual obligations. Risks Related to Owning Our Common Stock Fluctuations in our quarterly results. Volatility in our stock price and associated litigation. 12 Table of Contents Provisions in our governing documents and Delaware law that might discourage, delay or prevent a change of control of the Company or changes in our management. General Risks Volatile and significantly weakened global economic conditions. The occurrence of natural disasters and other catastrophic events beyond our control. The long-term impact of climate change on our business. Operational and Execution Risks If our security measures, or those of our third-party data center providers, cloud computing platform providers, customers, partners, other third-party vendors or the underlying Internet infrastructure, are breached or otherwise compromised, resulting in the unauthorized access to, disclosure, alteration, corruption, destruction or loss of customer data, our data or our IT systems, or disruption of authorized access thereto, our services may be perceived as insecure, customers may reduce or terminate their use of our services, and we may incur significant reputational harm, legal liability, regulatory scrutiny or a negative financial impact. Our services involve the storage and transmission of our customers and our customers customers proprietary and other sensitive data, including financial, health and other personal information. Our services and underlying infrastructure have in the past and may in the future be breached or compromised, including, for example, as a result of the following: attempts to fraudulently induce our employees, customers, partners, or third-party vendors to disclose sensitive information to gain unauthorized access to our or our customers data or IT systems; efforts by threat actors, including criminal organizations, state-sponsored actors and nation-states, to launch coordinated cyberattacks or supply chain attacks on our infrastructure or that of our third-party vendors, including through ransomware, destructive malware, distributed denial-of-service attacks or exploitation of previously unknown zero-day vulnerabilities; attempts to misuse our marketing, advertising, messaging or social products and functionalities to impersonate persons or organizations and disseminate information that is false, misleading or malicious; vulnerabilities arising from new technologies and infrastructures, including those from acquisitions, enhancements and updates to our existing products, and the adoption and deployment of AI technologies within our products, services, internal systems, which may introduce novel security, data governance, or operational risks; vulnerabilities in products or components within the broad ecosystem in which our services operate and upon which they depend; attacks on, or vulnerabilities in, the underlying networks and services that power the Internet on which our products depend, most of which are not under our control or the control of our third-party vendors, partners or customers; and employee or contractor errors, omissions or intentional acts that compromise our security systems. Although we devote significant resources to protecting our data and IT systems, we can provide no assurances that our security measures, including systems and processes designed to protect the confidentiality, integrity and availability of our customers and our customers customers proprietary and sensitive data, will be effective or that a material cybersecurity incident will not occur. Our ability to mitigate these risks may be impacted by the following: evolving and increasingly sophisticated techniques used to breach or disrupt IT systems and infrastructure, including the use or exploitation of AI technologies by threat actors to accelerate, scale or personalize cyberattacks, which may increase speed and effectiveness and limit our ability to anticipate, detect or mitigate such threats; the increasing complexity of our internal IT systems as we integrate acquired businesses and adopt new technologies and data-sharing models; and our limited control over our customers, partners, and third-party vendors (including those authorized by customers to access their data), or over the processing of data by such third parties, which may limit our ability to maintain the integrity or security of such transmissions or processing. In the normal course of business, we and our customers are and have been the target of malicious cyberattacks and other security threats. Although to date we have not identified any security incidents involving our systems that have had a material financial impact on us, there can be no assurance that future incidents will not be material or significant. As our market presence grows, we may face increased risks of cyberattacks and other security threats. Additionally, as AI technologies, including generative and agentic AI, continue to evolve, threat actors are using and exploiting these technologies to enhance the sophistication, scale, speed and effectiveness of security threats that may be more difficult to detect and defend against. Any delay in detecting, containing, or remediating a cybersecurity incident may result in additional harm, and in certain cases the full scope and impact of any such incident may not be immediately apparent. 13 Table of Contents A cybersecurity incident could result in unauthorized access to, or the loss or denial of authorized access to, our IT systems or data, or those of our customers, including intellectual property and other proprietary, sensitive or confidential information. We are subject to contractual, regulatory and other legal obligations to notify relevant stakeholders of certain security incidents. For example, SEC rules require disclosure on Form 8-K of the nature, scope and timing of any material cybersecurity incident and the reasonably likely impact of such incident. Assessing whether an incident is material or reportable may require complex judgment and investigation, and disclosure of an incident may itself adversely affect our reputation, customer relationships and exposure to legal or regulatory proceedings. A security incident or related disclosure could result in loss of confidence in the security of our services, harm our reputation, negatively impact future sales, disrupt our business operations, increase insurance premiums and result in legal, regulatory and financial liability. Additionally, it may take considerable time for us to investigate and evaluate the full impact of cybersecurity attacks, particularly for sophisticated attacks, which may inhibit our ability to provide prompt, full and reliable information about the incident to our customers, regulators and the public. Further, there can be no assurance that our insurance coverage will be sufficient in type or amount to cover the losses arising from a cybersecurity incident. In addition, prevention, detection, investigation and remediation of actual or suspected vulnerabilities or incidents, including determining whether notification or disclosure is required, may not be straightforward, may result in significant direct and indirect costs, including increased infrastructure and security spending and the diversion of resources from development activities. Defects or disruptions in our services could diminish demand for our services and subject us to substantial liability. We have in the past and may in the future identify defects in or experience disruptions to our services. Such issues may arise in a variety of circumstances, including from customers using our services in unanticipated ways that disrupt access for other customers; from employee, contractor or other third-party action or inaction; or from the complexity of our services, which incorporate a variety of hardware, proprietary software and third-party and open-source software. Across the industry, cloud services frequently contain undetected errors when first introduced or when new versions or enhancements are released. We have experienced and may in the future experience defects in our, our customers , or third-party vendors products and components, which may create vulnerabilities that inadvertently permit unauthorized access to protected customer data. We can provide no assurance that such defects or vulnerabilities will not occur in the future, have a material adverse effect on our business or subject us to substantial liability. Vulnerabilities in open-source, proprietary or third-party products and components can persist even after security patches have been issued if updates are not timely implemented or if threat actors exploit vulnerabilities before remediation is complete. In some cases, vulnerabilities may not be immediately detected, which may make it difficult to recover critical services and lead to damaged assets. Since our customers rely on our products and services for important aspects of their operations, errors, defects, service disruptions or other performance issues have in the past adversely impacted our customers and could do so in the future. As a result, customers could elect to not renew their services, delay or withhold payment or make warranty or other claims against us. Such outcomes could reduce future sales, increase in our allowance for doubtful accounts, increase collection cycles and expose us to litigation and related expenses. Any interruptions or delays in services from third parties, including data center hosting facilities, cloud computing platform providers and other hardware and software vendors, as well as Internet infrastructure, or from our inability to adequately plan for and manage service interruptions or infrastructure capacity requirements, could impair the delivery of our services and harm our business. We rely on third-party data center hosting facilities and cloud computing platform providers located in the United States and other countries, as well as the many different underlying networks and services that power the Internet, to deliver our products and services and operate critical business systems. We also rely on hardware purchased or leased from, software licensed from, and cloud computing platforms provided by third parties in order to offer our products and services, including database software, hardware and data from multiple vendors. Any disruption, degradation or failure of our systems, or those of the third parties on which we rely, could result in service interruptions and harm our business. We have experienced service interruptions and interruptions may occur in the future. As our reliance on these third-party systems increases, and particularly on third-party cloud computing platforms, our exposure to service interruptions and performance or quality issues may also increase. Service interruptions or other performance or quality issues may cause us to issue credits or pay penalties, cause customers to assert warranty or other claims or terminate their subscriptions, and adversely affect attrition rates and our ability to attract new customers, which could reduce revenue. Our business and reputation would also be harmed if our customers and potential customers perceive our services as unreliable. For many of our offerings, our production environment and customer data are replicated at geographically separate facilities. Certain offerings, including those added through acquisitions, may be delivered through alternate facilities or arrangements. We do not control the operation of any of these facilities, and they may be vulnerable to damage or interruption from events outside of our control, such as natural disasters or supply chain disruptions. Despite precautions taken at these facilities, such as disaster recovery and business continuity arrangements, unanticipated events, problems, operational failures 14 Table of Contents or other disruptions could result in prolonged service interruptions, and there can be no assurance that such interruptions would be remediated without significant cost, in a timely manner or at all. The hardware, software, data and cloud computing platforms that we rely on, including, for example, the large language models leveraged in our AI offerings, may not continue to be available at reasonable prices, on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Any loss of the right to use such hardware, software, data or cloud computing platforms could significantly increase our expenses and disrupt or delay the provision of our services until equivalent technology is either developed internally or obtained from third parties and integrated into our systems. There can be no assurance that such replacement technology would be available or implemented in a timely manner or at all. As we scale our operations, the volume and nature of data processed by our offerings continue to evolve, including as a result of the deployment of AI technologies, and our infrastructure capacity requirements, including network capacity, computing power and energy requirements, may increase as a result. Additionally, increased energy consumption, including as a result of AI adoption, climate-related events, energy market volatility, and power grid disruptions may increase the operational costs related to inputs across our value chain, including for data centers. If we experience significant strains on our data center capacity, whether due to insufficient infrastructure capacity or for other reasons outside of our control, our customers could experience performance degradation or service outages that may subject us to financial liabilities, result in customer losses, subject us to litigation and harm our reputation and business. As we add data centers and capacity and continue to move to cloud computing platform providers, we move or transfer our data and our customers data from time to time. Despite precautions taken during this process, any unsuccessful data transfers may impair the delivery of our services, which may damage our business. As we acquire companies or technologies, we may not realize the expected business or financial benefits and the acquisitions could prove difficult to integrate, disrupt our business, dilute stockholder value and adversely affect our operating results and the market value of our common stock. As part of our business strategy, we periodically acquire complementary businesses, joint ventures, services and technologies and intellectual property rights. We continue to evaluate such opportunities and expect to make such acquisitions and other transactions and arrangements in the future, which may involve numerous risks and could create unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures, including: potential failure to achieve the expected benefits on a timely basis or at all; potential identified or unknown security vulnerabilities in acquired products or technologies that expose us to additional cybersecurity risks, delay integration into our service offerings, or create challenges in increasing or maintaining the security standards of the acquired technologies; difficulty of transitioning the acquired technology onto our existing platforms; brand or reputational harm associated with our acquired companies; challenges converting the acquired company s revenue recognition policies and forecasting the related revenues, including both consumption- and subscription-based revenues and term software license revenue; in the case of foreign acquisitions, challenges with integrating operations across different cultures and languages and addressing the particular economic, currency, political, cybersecurity, regulatory and market risks associated with certain countries; operational and financial difficulties and strains on resources in integrating acquired operations, technologies, services, platforms and personnel (including cultural integration and retention of employees); regulatory challenges from antitrust or other regulatory authorities that may block, delay or impose conditions on the completion of transactions or the integration of acquired operations; challenges with maintaining the acquired company s customers, partners and third-party service providers; known and potential unknown liabilities associated with the acquired businesses, including due to litigation; difficulties in managing, or potential write-offs of, acquired assets, and potential financial and credit risks associated with acquired customers; negative impact to our results of operations because of the depreciation and amortization of acquired intangible assets, fixed assets and operating lease right-of-use assets; additional stock-based compensation issued or assumed in connection with the acquisition, including the impact on stockholder dilution and our results of operations; ineffective or inadequate controls, procedures and policies at the acquired company; and the tax effects related to integration and business operation changes, realizability of our deferred tax assets, and uncertain tax liabilities. 15 Table of Contents Any of these risks could harm our business or negatively impact our results of operations. In addition, to facilitate acquisitions, we may seek additional equity or debt financing, which may not be available on terms favorable to us or at all, which may affect our ability to complete subsequent acquisitions, and which may affect the risks of owning our common stock. If we finance acquisitions by issuing equity or convertible or other debt securities or taking out loans, our existing stockholders may be diluted, or we could face constraints related to the terms of, and repayment obligation related to, the incurrence of indebtedness that could affect our stock price. For example, in connection with our acquisition of Informatica, we entered into the Informatica Credit Agreements on an unsecured basis. In November 2025, the Company borrowed the full $6.0 billion available under the Informatica Credit Agreements to finance a portion of the cash consideration for the acquisition, repay existing indebtedness of Informatica and its subsidiaries, and pay related fees, costs, and expenses. For more information, see Note 9 Debt to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of Part 2. Our ability to acquire other businesses or technologies, or integrate acquired businesses effectively, may be impaired by trade tensions and increased global scrutiny of foreign investments and acquisitions in the technology sector. Governments may continue to adopt or tighten restrictions of this nature, some of which may apply to acquisitions or integrations of businesses by us, and such restrictions or government actions could negatively impact our business and financial results. Supporting our existing and growing customer base could strain our personnel resources and infrastructure, and if we are unable to scale our operations and increase productivity, we may not be able to successfully implement our business plan. We continue to experience significant growth in our customer base, including through acquisitions, which has placed a strain on our management, administrative, operational and financial infrastructure. We anticipate that significant additional investments, including in human capital software, agentic AI and other technologies, will be required to scale our operations and increase productivity, address the needs of our customers, develop and enhance our services, expand into new geographic areas and support continued growth. These investments will increase our cost base, making it more difficult to offset any future revenue shortfalls by reducing expenses in the short term. We may not be able to make these investments as quickly or effectively as necessary to successfully scale our operations. We regularly upgrade or replace our software systems and processes. If the implementations of these new applications are delayed, or if we encounter problems with our new systems and processes or in migrating away from our existing systems and processes, our operations could be negatively impacted. For example, in the second quarter of fiscal 2026, we implemented a new enterprise resource planning system ( ERP ). Among other things, our ERP is essential to our financial planning, reporting, and compliance programs, and any unforeseen problems with our new ERP or in migrating away from previous systems and processes could harm our ability to manage our business. Our success will depend in part upon the ability of our senior management to plan and manage our projected growth effectively. We must continue to increase the productivity of our existing employees and to hire, train and manage employees as needed. Additionally, changes in our work environment and workforce may not meet the needs and expectations of our workforce or may create operational and workplace culture challenges, which could negatively impact our ability to increase employee productivity or attract and retain our employees and could adversely affect our operations. Furthermore, new AI offerings and technologies, which are integrated into our operations, may disrupt workforce needs and could adversely affect our operations if not managed properly. To manage the expected growth of our operations and personnel, we will need to continue to improve our operational, financial and management controls, our reporting systems and procedures and our utilization of real estate. If we fail to successfully scale our operations and increase productivity, we may be unable to execute our business plan and the value of our common stock could decline. If our customers do not renew their subscriptions or if they reduce subscriptions at renewal, our revenue and current remaining performance obligation could decline and our business may suffer. If customer usage of consumption-based offerings is below expected levels, our revenue could decline. If we cannot accurately predict subscription renewals or upgrade rates or optimal pricing for consumption-based contracts, we may not meet our revenue targets, which may adversely affect our stock price. Our customers have no obligation to renew their subscriptions after the expiration of their contractual subscription period, which is typically 12 to 36 months, and in the normal course of business, some customers have elected not to renew. Our customers may renew for fewer subscriptions, renew for shorter contract lengths or switch to lower cost offerings of our services. It is difficult to predict attrition rates given our varied customer base and the number of multi-year subscription contracts. Our attrition rates may increase or fluctuate as a result of various factors, including customer dissatisfaction, customers spending levels, mix of customer base, decreases in the number of users at our customers, competition, pricing increases or changes, such as the increased prevalence of consumption-based pricing models and economic downturns. Our future success depends in part on our ability to sell additional features and services, more subscriptions or enhanced editions of our services to our current customers. This may also require increasingly sophisticated and costly sales efforts that are targeted at senior management. Similarly, the rate at which our customers purchase new or enhanced services depends on a 16 Table of Contents number of factors, including general economic conditions and customer receptiveness to price changes related to these additional features and services. In addition, the markets and monetization strategies for certain offerings, including Agentforce and Data 360, remain relatively new and uncertain and may present additional risks and challenges. Periodic changes to our sales organization can be disruptive and may reduce our rate of growth. We periodically change and make adjustments to our sales organization in response to market opportunities, competitive threats, management changes, product introductions or enhancements, acquisitions, sales performance, increases in sales headcount, cost levels and other internal and external considerations. Such changes have in some periods resulted in, and may in the future result in, a reduction of productivity, which could negatively impact our operating results. Further, any significant change to our sales organization s compensation structure may be disruptive and negatively affect our operating results. Sales to customers outside the United States expose us to risks inherent in international operations. We sell our services throughout the world and are subject to risks and challenges associated with international business. The risks and challenges associated with sales to customers outside the United States or those that can affect international operations generally, include: regional economic and political conditions, natural disasters, acts of war, terrorism and actual or threatened public health emergencies, or other geopolitical events, including the evolving relations between the United States and China, the United States and Russia, and ongoing conflicts, such as the war in Ukraine and the regional conflict in the Middle East; localization of our services, including translation into foreign languages and associated expenses; regulatory frameworks or business practices favoring local competitors; pressure on the creditworthiness of sovereign nations, where we have customers and a balance of our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities; foreign currency fluctuations and controls, which may make our services more expensive for international customers and could add volatility to or negatively impact our operating results; compliance with complex and evolving governmental laws and regulations, such as those governing AI; liquidity issues or political actions by sovereign nations, including nations with a controlled currency environment, could result in decreased values of these balances or potential difficulties protecting our foreign assets or satisfying local obligations; vetting and monitoring our third-party resellers in new and evolving markets to confirm they maintain standards consistent with our brand and reputation; treatment of revenue from international sources, evolving domestic and international tax environments and changes to tax codes, including being subject to and paying withholding taxes under foreign tax laws; uncertainty regarding changes in trade policies, including trade wars, the threat or imposition of tariffs or other trade restrictions, as well as any retaliatory actions; perceptions of U.S.-based companies in the regions where we operate or plan to operate; perceptions of regions or governments in the regions where we operate or plan to operate, resulting in negative publicity or reputational harm; different pricing environments; difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations; different or lesser protection of our intellectual property, including increased risk of theft of our proprietary technology and other intellectual property, and more prevalent cybersecurity risks, particularly in jurisdictions in which we have historically chosen not to operate; and longer accounts receivable payment cycles and other collection difficulties. Any of these factors could negatively impact our business and results of operations. The above factors may also negatively impact our ability to successfully expand into emerging market countries, where we have little or no operating experience, where it can be costly and challenging to establish and maintain operations, including hiring and managing required personnel, and difficult to promote our brand, and where we may not benefit from any first-to-market advantage or otherwise succeed. Sales to larger enterprise customers may involve more time-consuming and expensive sales cycles, pricing pressure and implementation and configuration challenges, and, for some complex transactions, delayed revenue recognition, all of which could harm our business and operating results. 17 Table of Contents We may face greater costs, longer sales cycles, greater competition and less predictability in completing some of our sales to large enterprise customers, including governmental entities and customers in regulated industries. In these market segments, the customer s decision to use our services is often an enterprise-wide decision and may require us to provide greater levels of education regarding the use and benefits of our services, as well as address other concerns, such as heightened privacy and data protection requirements. In addition, larger enterprise customers and governmental entities often demand more configuration, integration services and features. These sales opportunities often require us to devote greater sales support and professional services resources to individual customers, driving up costs and time required to complete sales and diverting our own sales and professional services resources to a smaller number of larger transactions, while potentially requiring us to delay revenue recognition on some of these transactions until the technical or implementation requirements have been met. Pricing and packaging strategies for enterprise and other customers for our existing and future service offerings, including for our AI offerings such as Agentforce, may not be widely accepted by new or existing customers. Our adoption of or failure to adopt, as well as the manner and time of, changes to our pricing and packaging models and strategies may harm our business. We may lose key members of our management team or development and operations personnel, and may be unable to attract and retain employees we need to support our operations and growth. Our success depends substantially upon the continued services of our executive officers and other key members of management, particularly our chief executive officer. We are also substantially dependent on existing development and operations personnel because of the complexity of our services and technologies. Our executive officers, key management, and development and operations personnel could terminate their employment with us at any time. Effective succession planning is important to our long-term success, and changes in our management team or the loss of one or more of our key employees or groups of employees could seriously harm our business. The technology industry is subject to substantial and continuous competition for engineers with high levels of experience in designing, developing and managing software and technology services, as well as competition for sales executives, data scientists and development and operations personnel. We have experienced challenges with significant competition in talent recruitment and retention, particularly for engineers with experience in AI, and may not be successful in recruiting or retaining such talent. We have experienced and expect to continue to experience difficulty in hiring, developing, integrating and retaining highly skilled employees with appropriate qualifications. These difficulties may be amplified by evolving restrictions on immigration, travel, or availability of visas for skilled technology workers. Additionally, our compensation arrangements and benefits may not always be successful in attracting new employees or retaining and motivating our existing personnel. If we fail to attract new personnel or fail to retain current personnel, our business and future growth prospects could be severely harmed. We have undertaken various restructuring initiatives intended to improve operating margins and continue advancing our ongoing commitment to profitable growth, which have included a workforce reduction, select data center exits, and office space reductions within certain markets. These restructuring actions, or any similar actions taken in the future, could negatively impact our ability to attract, integrate, retain and motivate key employees. In addition, we believe in the importance of our corporate culture, which fosters dialogue, collaboration, recognition, equality and a sense of family. As our organization has grown and expanded globally, and as our workplace plans have developed, including workforce and office space reductions related to our restructuring actions, we have experienced and may continue to experience difficulties maintaining our corporate culture globally, including managing the complexities of communicating with all employees. Any inability to maintain our corporate culture could negatively impact our ability to attract and retain employees, harm our reputation with customers or negatively impact our future growth. Any failure in the delivery of high-quality professional and technical support services related to our online applications may adversely affect our relationships with our customers and our financial results. Our customers sometimes require highly skilled and trained service professionals to successfully implement our applications and depend on our support organization to resolve technical issues relating to our applications. Implementation services may be performed by us, our customers, a third party, or a combination thereof. Our strategy is to work with third parties to increase the breadth of capability and depth of capacity for delivery of these services to our customers. If customers are not satisfied with the quality and timing of work or with the type of services or solutions delivered, we could incur additional costs to address the situation, the profitability of that work might be impaired, our revenue recognition could be impacted and the customer s dissatisfaction with the services received could negatively impact our ability to sell our other offerings to that customer or retain existing customers. In addition, negative publicity related to our customer relationships, regardless of its accuracy, may further damage our business by affecting our ability to compete for new business with current or prospective customers. We may be unable to respond quickly enough to accommodate short-term increases in customer demand for support services across our varying and diverse offerings. In addition, our sales process is highly dependent on our applications and business reputation and on positive recommendations from our existing customers. Any failure or perceived 18 Table of Contents failure to maintain high-quality professional and technical support services could adversely affect our reputation, our ability to sell our service offerings to existing and prospective customers, and our business, operating results and financial position. Strategic and Industry Risks The markets in which we participate are intensely competitive, and if we do not compete effectively, our operating results could be harmed. The market for enterprise applications and platform services is highly competitive, rapidly evolving, fragmented and subject to changing technology, low barriers to entry, shifting customer needs and frequent introductions of new products and services. Many prospective customers have invested substantial personnel and financial resources to implement and integrate their current enterprise software into their businesses and therefore may be reluctant or unwilling to migrate away from their current solution to a different enterprise software service. Additionally, third-party developers may be reluctant to build application services on our platform since they have invested in other competing technology platforms. Our current competitors include: vendors of packaged business software, as well as companies offering enterprise applications delivered through on-premises offerings from enterprise software application vendors and cloud computing application service providers, either individually or with others; AI-native companies and emerging startups that leverage generative AI and large language models as the core foundation of their architecture, offering highly specialized, autonomous, or automated solutions that may bypass traditional business process workflows or displace established user interfaces; software companies that provide their product or service free of charge as a single product or when bundled with other offerings, or only charge a premium for advanced features and functionality, as well as companies that offer solutions that are sold without a direct sales organization; vendors who offer software tailored to specific services, industries or market segments, as opposed to our full suite of service offerings, including suppliers of traditional business intelligence and data preparation products, integration software vendors, marketing vendors, e-commerce solutions vendors or AI software and service vendors; productivity tool and email providers, unified communications providers and consumer application companies that have entered the business software market; and traditional platform development environment companies and cloud computing development platform companies who may develop toolsets and products that allow customers to build new applications, including AI-augmented applications, that run on the customers current infrastructure or as hosted services, as well as would-be customers who may develop enterprise applications for internal use. In addition, we may face more competition as we expand our service offerings. Some of our current and potential competitors may have competitive advantages, such as greater name recognition, longer operating histories, more significant installed bases, broader geographic scope, broader suites of service offerings and larger marketing budgets, as well as substantially greater financial, technical, personnel and other resources. In addition, many of our current and potential competitors have established marketing relationships and access to larger customer bases, and have major distribution agreements with consultants, system integrators and resellers. We also experience competition from smaller competitors that may be more agile in responding to customers demands and offer more targeted and simplified solutions. Our competitors may be able to respond more quickly and effectively than we can to new or changing opportunities, technologies, standards or customer requirements, or provide competitive pricing, more flexible contracts or faster implementations. Additionally, as we continue to increasingly build AI into many of our offerings, we face more competition as AI technologies are increasingly integrated into the markets in which we compete. New AI offerings may disrupt our service offerings or transform workforce needs and negatively impact demand for our offerings, or our competitors may be able to incorporate AI into their offerings more efficiently or successfully than we are able to and achieve greater and faster adoption. Even if our products and services are more effective than the products and services that our competitors offer, potential customers might select competitive products and services in lieu of purchasing our products and services. For all of these reasons, we may not be able to compete successfully against our competitors, which could negatively impact our future sales and harm our business. Our efforts to expand our service offerings and to develop and integrate our existing services in order to keep pace with technological developments may not succeed and may reduce our revenue growth rate and harm our business. Our efforts to expand our current service offerings may not succeed and may reduce our revenue growth rate. In addition, the markets and monetization strategies for certain offerings, including Agentforce and Data 360, remain relatively new and uncertain and our expansion into such offerings, and related investments, may present additional risks and challenges. For example, we offer certain products, including Agentforce and Data 360, through a consumption-based business model and may increase the number of products through which we do so. We have limited experience with determining optimal pricing for our consumption-based contracts and may have lower levels of customer consumption of our products than we expect which may 19 Table of Contents result in suboptimal pricing. Further, the introduction of future platform changes and upgrades may not result in long term revenue growth. If we are unable to develop enhancements to, and new features for, our existing or new services that keep pace with rapid technological developments, our business could be harmed. The success of enhancements, new features and services depends on several factors, including its timely completion and introduction and market acceptance, as well as our ability to integrate all our product and service offerings and develop adequate selling capabilities in new markets. Failure in this regard may significantly impair our revenue growth as well as negatively impact our operating results if the additional costs are not offset by additional revenues. In addition, because our services are designed to operate over various network technologies and on a variety of mobile devices, operating systems and computer hardware and software platforms, we need to continuously modify and enhance our services to keep pace with changes in these technologies, as well as continue to maintain and support our services on legacy systems. We may not be successful in developing these modifications and enhancements or in bringing them to market timely. Additionally, if we fail to timely anticipate or identify significant technology trends and developments, or if we do not devote appropriate resources to adapting to such trends and developments, our business could be harmed. Uncertainties about the timing and nature of new network platforms or technologies, modifications to existing platforms or technologies, including text messaging capabilities within these platforms, or changes in customer usage patterns thereof could increase our research and development or service delivery expenses or lead to our increased reliance on certain vendors. Any failure of our services to operate effectively with future network platforms and technologies could reduce the demand for our services, result in customer dissatisfaction and harm our business. Our continued success depends on our ability to maintain and enhance our brands. We believe that the brand identities we have developed, including associations with trust, customer success, innovation, equality and sustainability have significantly contributed to the success of our business. Maintaining and enhancing the Salesforce brand and our other brands is critical to expanding our base of customers, partners and employees. Our brand strength depends largely on our ability to remain a technology leader and provide high-quality innovative products, services and features in a secure, reliable manner that enhances our customers success even as we scale and expand our services. In order to maintain and enhance the strength of our brands, we have made and may in the future make substantial investments to expand or improve our product offerings and services, including our investments in data and AI technologies, or we may enter new markets that may be accompanied by initial complications or ultimately prove to be unsuccessful. Further, entry into markets with weaker protection of brands or changes in the legal systems in countries we operate may impact our ability to protect our brands. If we fail to maintain, enhance or protect our brands, or if we incur excessive expenses in our efforts to do so, our business, operating results and financial condition may be materially and adversely affected. We are subject to risks associated with our strategic investments, including partial or complete loss of invested capital. Significant changes in the fair value of this portfolio could negatively impact our financial results. We manage a portfolio of strategic investments in both privately held and publicly traded companies focused primarily on enterprise cloud companies, technology startups and system integrators. While we invest in companies that we believe are digitally transforming their industries, advancing responsible generative AI, improving customer experiences, helping us expand our solution ecosystem or supporting other corporate initiatives, we may still experience unforeseen reputational harm associated with our investments. Our investments range from early- to late-stage comp