=== KMB_2026-03-23.htm.gz ===
kmb-20260323 FALSE 0000055785 DEF 14A iso4217:USD xbrli:pure 0000055785 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000055785 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0000055785 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0000055785 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0000055785 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0000055785 kmb:StockAwardsAdjustmentMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000055785 kmb:EquityAwardsGrantedDuringTheYearMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000055785 kmb:EquityAwardsGrantedInPriorYearsUnvestedMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000055785 kmb:EquityAwardsGrantedInPriorYearsVestedMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000055785 kmb:EquityAwardsForfeitedMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000055785 kmb:ChangeInPensionValueMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000055785 kmb:PensionsAdjustmentsServiceCostMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000055785 kmb:StockAwardsAdjustmentMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000055785 kmb:EquityAwardsGrantedDuringTheYearMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000055785 kmb:EquityAwardsGrantedInPriorYearsUnvestedMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000055785 kmb:EquityAwardsGrantedInPriorYearsVestedMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000055785 kmb:EquityAwardsForfeitedMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000055785 kmb:ChangeInPensionValueMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000055785 kmb:PensionsAdjustmentsServiceCostMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000055785 1 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000055785 2 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000055785 3 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000055785 4 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000055785 5 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material Pursuant to 240.14a-12 Kimberly-Clark Corporation (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check all boxes that apply): No fee required. Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11. Company Overview Kimberly-Clark (NASD: KMB) is a global company focused on delivering essential products and solutions that solve unmet consumer needs and provide Better Care for a Better World. We have manufacturing facilities in 30 countries, including our equity affiliates, and products sold in more than 175 countries and territories. Our products are sold under well-known, trusted brands such as Kleenex, Scott, Huggies, Pull-Ups, Kotex and Depend. In June 2025, we announced that we will form a joint venture with Suzano comprised of substantially all the operations of our International Family Care and Professional business. Closing is expected to take place in mid-2026. We will retain a 49 percent interest in the joint venture. In November 2025, we entered into an agreement to acquire all of the outstanding equity of Kenvue, a global consumer health leader. Closing is expected to take place in the second half of 2026. In January 2026, Kimberly- Clark and Kenvue stockholders voted overwhelmingly to approve all of the proposals necessary for us to complete the acquisition. North America (NA) International Personal Care (IPC) International Family Care Professional (IFP)* Baby and Child Care Adult Care Feminine Care Family Care Professional Baby and Child Care Adult Care Feminine Care Family Care Professional $10.8 Billion $5.7 Billion $3.3 Billion * Reported as discontinued operations. Michael D. Hsu Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer We are well positioned to capitalize on the tremendous opportunities ahead in 2026." March 23, 2026 FELLOW STOCKHOLDERS: On behalf of the Kimberly-Clark Board of Directors, thank you for your continued engagement with and ownership of our company. As stockholders, you are at the center of our value creation efforts and your commitment to Kimberly-Clark has fueled our completion of yet another transformational year for this great American company. For more than 150 years, Kimberly-Clark has delivered essential, everyday care that improves people s lives. Over the past two years, our Powering Care strategy and new operating model have positioned us to do that even better. Our transformation has put us on a Virtuous Cycle of growth. In 2025, we accelerated our momentum across the board, delivering strong results while navigating a dynamic external environment and taking decisive actions to pivot our portfolio to higher-growth, higher-margin personal care categories. These actions include: The announcement of our pending acquisition of Kenvue to create a $32 billion global health and wellness leader, which we expect will generate significant value for shareholders and raise the standard of care for billions of consumers around the world. The announcement of a strategic joint venture with Suzano and our International Family Care Professional (IFP) business to create a preeminent international tissue and professional products company expected to drive significant shareholder returns following the close of the transaction which is expected in mid-2026. Additionally, in 2025 we took a decisive step to optimize our supply chain network in North America, with a $2 billion investment focused on building an advanced manufacturing facility in Warren, Ohio, and an automated distribution center at our Beech Island, South Carolina plant. These will accelerate our innovation pipelines and support our growth ambitions. 2025 results reflect the enhanced strength and resilience of our business.* Net sales of $16.4 billion, a decrease of 2.1%, with organic sales increasing 1.7% Gross margin of 36% with an adjusted gross margin of 37.3% Operating profit of $2.4 billion in 2025 versus $2.7 billion in 2024. Adjusted operating profit of $2.7 billion in 2025, in line with 2024 Diluted earnings per share (inclusive of discontinued operations) of $6.07 compared to $7.55 in 2024. Adjusted earnings per share of $7.53 compared to $7.30 in 2024 Kimberly-Clark declared an increase to our regular quarterly dividend, our 54th consecutive year of doing so. 2026 Proxy Statement Letter to Shareholders Our commitment to providing Better Care for a Better World underpins the implementation of our Powering Care strategy. Last year, we advanced our purpose in new and meaningful ways. As part of the Kimberly-Clark Foundation s sharpened strategic focus, we deepened our commitment to advancing essential care for women and girls on their journeys through puberty and motherhood. Through the careful selection of four strategic, global NGO partners with significant expertise in menstrual care and maternal and infant health, we expect to improve the lives of an estimated 24 million women and girls over the next three years. We also continued to address complex sustainability challenges that impact our business, to position us to deliver more value to our stakeholders. Our sustainability pillars Better Products, Better Planet, Better Workplace, and Better Society continue to anchor our actions and shape how we create value. This is an exciting time for Kimberly-Clark and our shareholders as we take the next steps to drive further growth and value creation through the Kenvue acquisition. I look forward to collaborating with our leadership team as we continue our integration planning efforts in anticipation of the close later this year. Your vote is important. We invite you to join us at the Annual Meeting of Stockholders which will be held virtually on Thursday, May 14, 2026 at 8:00 a.m. Central Time. Regardless of whether you plan to join the meeting, I urge you to vote your shares as soon as possible. Information about voting your shares is included in this proxy statement. Thank you for your continued investment in Kimberly-Clark as we unlock our next chapter of growth and seize the vast opportunity ahead. Michael D. Hsu Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer * Results reflect continuing operations unless otherwise noted. Organic sales growth, adjusted gross margin, adjusted operating profit, and adjusted earnings per share (including discontinued operations) are non-GAAP financial measures. Please see Appendix A for a reconciliation of GAAP to non- GAAP measures. 2026 Proxy Statement Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders Date and Time May 14, 2026 (Thursday) 8:00 AM (Central) Location Live Webcast https://meetnow.global/MUAPH5P Who May Vote Stockholders of record at the close of business on the record date of March 16, 2026 There will not be an option to attend the meeting in person. Please see Attending the Virtual Annual Meeting for more information. Voting Items Proposals Board Vote Recommendation For Further Details 1 Elect as directors the thirteen nominees named in the accompanying proxy statement FOR each director nominee Page 26 2 Ratify the selection of Deloitte Touche LLP as our independent auditor for 2026 FOR Page 46 3 Approve the compensation for our named executive officers in an advisory vote FOR Page 49 4 To vote on a stockholder proposal that may be presented at the meeting. AGAINST Page 86 Stockholders will take action upon any other business that may properly come before the meeting. The accompanying proxy statement also is being used to solicit voting instructions for shares of Kimberly-Clark common stock that are held by the trustees of our employee benefit and share purchase plans for the benefit of the participants in the plans. It is important that participants in the plans indicate their voting preferences by using the Internet or telephone or by signing, dating and returning the voting instruction card, which is enclosed with the proxy statement, in the envelope provided. To attend the virtual meeting, please follow the instructions on page 100 . By Order of the Board of Directors. Courtney J. Roane Vice President, Deputy General Counsel and Corporate Secretary March 23, 2026 Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Stockholder Meeting to be Held on May 14, 2026: The Proxy Statement and proxy card, as well as our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025, are available at investor.kimberly-clark.com. 2026 Proxy Statement 1 Table of Contents Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders 1 Proxy Summary 4 Corporate Governance 11 Board Leadership Structure 11 Director Independence 12 Board Meetings 12 Board Committees 12 Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 18 Stockholder Rights 18 Communicating with Directors; Stockholder Engagement Policy 18 Stockholder Engagement 19 Our Approach to Sustainability 19 Inclusion Belonging 22 Other Corporate Governance Policies and Practices 23 PROPOSAL 1: Election of Directors 26 Process for Director Elections 26 Process and Criteria for Nominating Directors 27 Key Attributes of Current Directors 29 The Nominees 30 Director Compensation 42 202 5 Outside Director Compensation 44 PROPOSAL 2: Ratification of Auditor 46 Principal Accounting Firm Fees 47 Audit Committee Approval of Audit and Non-Audit Services 47 Audit Committee Report 48 PROPOSAL 3: Advisory Vote to Approve Named Executive Officer Compensation 49 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 50 Executive Compensation Objectives and Policies 53 Components of Our Executive Compensation Program 54 Setting Annual Compensation 55 Executive Compensation for 2025 57 Benefits and Other Compensation 63 Additional Information about Our Compensation Practices 65 Management Development and Compensation Committee Report 67 Analysis of Compensation-Related Risks 68 2 2026 Proxy Statement Table of contents Compensation Tables 69 Summary Compensation 69 PROPOSAL 4: Stockholder Proposal to Require Independent Board Chair 86 Other Information 90 Security Ownership Information 90 Transactions with Related Persons 92 Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 92 Pay Versus Performance 93 CEO Pay Ratio Disclosure 97 General Information about our Annual Meeting 98 How We Provide Proxy Materials 98 Who May Vote 98 How to Vote 98 How to Revoke or Change Your Vote 99 Votes Required 99 How Abstentions Will Be Counted 99 Effect of Not Instructing Your Broker 99 Direct Stock Purchase and Dividend Reinvestment Plan 100 Employee Benefit Plans 100 Attending the Virtual Annual Meeting 100 Costs of Solicitation 101 Stockholders Sharing the Same Household 101 Stockholder Proposals for Inclusion in Next Year's Proxy Statement 101 Stockholder Director Nominees for Inclusion in Next Year's Proxy Statement 102 Stockholder Director Nominees Not Included in Next Year's Proxy Statement 102 Other Stockholder Proposals Not Included in Next Year's Proxy Statement 102 Other Matters to be Presented at the Annual Meeting 103 Appendix A A- 1 2026 Proxy Statement 3 Proxy Summary This section contains only selected information. Stockholders should review the entire Proxy Statement before casting their votes. PROPOSAL 1 Election of directors Election of 13 directors to serve for a one-year term The Board recommends a vote FOR all nominees. See page 26 Our Board Nominees We believe our director nominees collectively possess the necessary experience and attributes to effectively guide our company. Name and Primary Occupation Age Director Since Independent Other Public Company Boards Committee Memberships* A MDC NCG E Michael D. Hsu Chairman of the Board and CEO Kimberly-Clark Corporation 61 2017 1 M Sylvia M. Burwell Former President American University 60 2022 l 0 M John W. Culver Former Group President North America and COO Starbucks Corporation 65 2020 l 1 C M Mae C. Jemison, M.D. President The Jemison Group 69 2002 l 0 M M Deeptha Khanna EVP and Chief Business Leader, Personal Health Royal Philips 50 2023 l 0 M S. Todd Maclin Retired Chairman, Chase Commercial and Consumer Banking JPMorgan Chase Co. 69 2019 l 1 M M Deirdre A. Mahlan Interim Chief Financial Officer, Diageo plc Former President, CEO and Chairperson The Duckhorn Portfolio, Inc. 63 2021 l 1 M Sherilyn S. McCoy Former CEO Avon Products, Inc. 67 2018 l 2 C Christa S. Quarles CEO Alludo 52 2016 l 1 M M Jaime A. Ramirez Chief Executive Officer Fluidra 59 2021 l 0 M Joseph Romanelli President, Human Health International Merck 52 2024 l 0 M Dunia A. Shive Former CEO and President Belo Corp. 65 2019 l 2 C M Mark T. Smucker Chair of the Board, President, and CEO The J.M. Smucker Company 56 2019 l 1 C M *A = Audit Committee; MDC = Management Development and Compensation Committee; NCG = Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee; E = Executive Committee. C = Chair; M = Member 4 2026 Proxy Statement Proxy summary Board Snapshot Diversity Female: 7 Male: 6 Tenure 5 years: 5 5-10 years: 7 10 years: 1 Median tenure: 6.0 years Age 50 years: 1 50-60 years: 6 61-70 years: 6 Average age: 61 years Independence Independent: 12 Not independent: 1 Ethnically Diverse: 5 Skills and Experience Experience Hsu (Chair) Burwell Culver Jemison Khanna Maclin Mahlan McCoy Quarles Ramirez Romanelli Shive Smucker TOTALS Consumer Products l l l l l l l l l l 10 International l l l l l l l l l l l 11 Financial Expertise l l l l l l l l l l l 11 CEO Leadership l l l l l l l l 8 Digital l l l l l l l 7 Marketing l l l l l l l l l l l 11 Innovation/R D l l l l l l l l 8 Cybersecurity l l l l 4 Social Responsibility l l l l l l 6 M A l l l l l l l l l l l 11 Strategy Transformation l l l l l l l l l l l l l 13 Human Capital l l l l l l l l l l l l l 13 Demographic Background Tenure (years) 9 4 5 23 2 7 4 7 9 4 1 7 6 Median = 6.0 Gender M F M F F M F F F M M F M Race/Ethnicity* A W W B A W W W W H W O W * A = Asian; B = Black/African American; H = Hispanic/Latino; W = White; O = Other (Middle Eastern) For more information, see Key Director Experience Attributes on page 28 . 2026 Proxy Statement 5 Proxy summary Service on Other Public Boards Under our Corporate Governance Policies, directors should not serve on more than four public company boards (including the Kimberly-Clark Board). The Board has reviewed the number of outside directorships held by directors and determined that all directors are in compliance. In addition, when nominating a director for service on the Board or for re-election, the Board considers whether, in light of other commitments (including public company board leadership positions), the nominee will have adequate time to serve as a director of Kimberly-Clark. Governance Highlights The Corporate Governance section beginning on page 11 describes our strong governance framework, which includes: Our Corporate Governance Profile Independent Lead Director Stockholders have right to call special meetings Independent Board committees Proxy access rights Annual Board and committee evaluations Stockholder engagement policy and outreach program Annually elected directors Anti-hedging and pledging policy Independent directors meet without management present Stock ownership guidelines for directors and executive officers Board and management succession planning Outside director equity awards not paid out until retirement Robust oversight of strategy and risk Majority voting in director elections Stockholder Engagement In 2025, we continued our focus on regularly engaging with investors to understand their perspectives on a variety of topics. This process helps ensure that management and the Board understand and consider the issues that matter most to our stockholders and enables us to address them effectively. We reached out to stockholders representing approximately 57 percent of our common stock and engaged with stockholders representing approximately 34 percent of our common stock. We discussed many key topics, including our approach to director refreshment, our corporate governance practices, significant enhancements to our corporate social responsibility and sustainability disclosures and our executive compensation program, as well as the pending Kenvue acquisition after our announcement in November 2025. Investors continued to express broad support for our governance structures and executive compensation program and shared their views on matters related to shareholder rights and our independent, well-qualified Board. Further, investors highlighted the importance of continuing our ongoing engagement with them on corporate social responsibility and sustainability initiatives. Our corporate governance profile, executive compensation programs, and sustainability initiatives reflect the input of stockholders from our outreach efforts. Sustainability Sustainability is a key part of our company and by 2030 we aspire to advance the well-being of one billion people through social programs and reduce our environmental footprint by half. We focus on the areas most relevant to our business and where we believe we can have the biggest impact climate, forests and biodiversity, water, and plastics. 6 2026 Proxy Statement Proxy summary Each year, we publish a Global Sustainability Report outlining our key strategies, initiatives, and results in greater detail. Our report includes an addendum of material organized and presented in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) and Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) Standards, which can be found on our website at www.kimberly-clark.com/esg . We also publish a Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD)-aligned disclosure to enhance visibility to our climate risks and opportunities. Within our disclosure, we cover TCFD s four core areas: governance, strategy, risk management, and metrics and targets. As part of our commitment to building a diverse workforce, we have adopted the practice of disclosing our annual EEO-1 data on the Sustainability section of our website after our submission of the corresponding report to the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission. Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of the Board maintains a standing Sustainability Subcommittee to support the Committee in executing its oversight responsibilities for matters relating to sustainability, corporate social responsibilities, and corporate citizenship and as we continue to incorporate related risks and opportunities into the Board s overall strategic decision-making. The Sustainability Subcommittee is chaired by independent director Dr. Mae Jemison. 2026 Proxy Statement 7 Proxy summary PROPOSAL 2 Ratification of Auditor Approval of the Audit Committee s selection of Deloitte Touche LLP as Kimberly-Clark s independent auditor for 2026 The Board recommends a vote FOR this proposal. See page 46 Principal Accounting Firm Fees Our aggregate fees to Deloitte (excluding value added taxes) with respect to the fiscal years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, were as follows (dollars in millions): 2025 2024 Audit Fees (1) $ 15.7 $ 13.9 Audit-Related Fees (2) 0.6 0.5 Tax Fees (3) 0.8 2.1 All Other Fees (4) 0.1 (1) These amounts represent fees billed or expected to be billed for professional services rendered by Deloitte for the audit of Kimberly-Clark s annual financial statements for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, reviews of the financial statements included in Kimberly-Clark s quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and other services that are normally provided by the independent registered public accounting firm in connection with statutory or regulatory filings or engagements for each of those fiscal years. These amounts also include fees for an audit of internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. (2) These amounts represent aggregate fees billed or expected to be billed by Deloitte for assurance and related services reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements, that are not included in the audit fees listed above. These services include engagements related to employee benefit plans, attest services (including for voluntary environmental, social, and governance reporting), assistance with and review of SEC filings, due diligence and accounting consultation in connection with acquisitions and dispositions, and other matters. (3) These amounts represent Deloitte s aggregate fees for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning for 2025 and 2024. Approximately $0.1 million was for tax compliance/preparation fees in 2024. (4) These amounts represent all other fees for products and services provided by Deloitte and not included in audit fees, audit-related fees, and tax fees above. 8 2026 Proxy Statement Proxy summary PROPOSAL 3 Say-on-pay Advisory approval of our named executive officers compensation The Board recommends a vote FOR this proposal. See page 49 2025 Performance and Compensation Highlights Management did not achieve its financial targets for 2025, mostly due to a more challenging macro environment, pricing pressures, and higher input cost inflation including tariffs. Management nevertheless continued to make good progress executing our strategies for our long-term success. 2025 compensation outcomes as described in the Compensation Discussion Analysis beginning on page 50 reflect the program s pay and performance alignment. Despite management s continued progress executing our strategies for our long-term success during the year, after concluding that management did not achieve its financial or non-financial targets for 2025, the Management Development and Compensation Committee determined to not make adjustment to the annual incentive outcomes, which paid out below target. Performance Measures 2025 Results 2025 Target Organic sales growth 1.1 % 2.5 % Adjusted EPS $ 7.37 $ 7.56 Organic sales growth, a non-GAAP measure, consists of net sales growth excluding the impact of currency translation and divestitures and business exits. Adjusted EPS, a non-GAAP financial measure, consists of diluted earnings per share adjusted for certain items that management or the Committee do not believe reflect our underlying and ongoing operations. For details on how these measures are calculated, see Compensation Discussion and Analysis - Executive Compensation for 2025, 2025 Performance Goals, Performance Assessments and Payouts and Appendix A. The chart at left shows the Total Shareholder Return for Kimberly-Clark, our Executive Compensation Peer Group (taken as a whole), and the S P 500 for the previous five years, which reflects the value returned to our stockholders. KMB S P 500 Index S P 500 Consumer Staples Index Peer Companies (dotted) 2026 Proxy Statement 9 Proxy summary Compensation Governance Highlights Our compensation program for executive officers is designed to emphasize performance-based compensation in alignment with our business strategy. What We Do What We Do Not Do A substantial majority of pay is at-risk and a majority is tied to our stock price performance A substantial majority of long-term equity compensation is subject to specified financial targets over a three-year performance period Strong share ownership guidelines Anti-hedging and anti-pledging policy Robust clawback structure Double-trigger change-in-control policy No excise tax gross-ups upon change of control No excessive perquisites for executives No repricing of underwater stock options without stockholder approval No payment of dividends or dividend equivalents until restricted share units are earned PROPOSAL 4 Stockholder Proposal We received a stockholder proposal to be voted on at this year s annual meeting, if properly presented. Stockholders are asked to vote against the stockholder proposal. The Board recommends a vote AGAINST this proposal. x See page 86 10 2026 Proxy Statement Corporate Governance Our governance structure and processes are based on a number of important governance documents including our Code of Conduct, Certificate of Incorporation, Corporate By-Laws, Corporate Governance Policies, and our Board Committee Charters. These documents, which are available in the Investors section of our website at www.kimberly-clark.com , guide the Board and our management in the execution of their responsibilities. Kimberly-Clark believes that there is a direct connection between good corporate governance and long-term, sustained business success, and we believe it is important to uphold sound governance practices. As such, the Board reviews its governance practices and documents on an ongoing basis, considering changing regulatory requirements, governance trends, and issues raised by our stockholders. After careful evaluation, we may periodically make changes to maintain or enhance current governance practices and promote stockholder value. Board Leadership Structure The Board has established a leadership structure that allocates responsibilities between our Chairman of the Board and CEO and our Lead Director. The Board believes that this allocation provides for dynamic Board leadership while maintaining strong independence and oversight. Consistent with this leadership structure, at least once a quarter our Lead Director, who is an independent director, chairs executive sessions of our non-management directors. Members of our senior management team do not attend these sessions. Chairman and CEO Positions The Board s current view is that a combined Chairman and CEO position, coupled with a predominantly independent board and a proactive, independent Lead Director, promotes candid discourse, informed business considerations and responsible corporate governance. Mr. Hsu serves as Chairman of the Board and CEO. The Board believes Mr. Hsu has demonstrated the leadership and strategic vision necessary to lead the Board and Kimberly-Clark. Accordingly, Mr. Hsu serves in this combined role at the pleasure of the Board without an employment contract. As Mr. Hsu is not an independent director, the Board continues to believe it is appropriate for the independent directors to elect an Independent Lead Director. Lead Director Ms. McCoy has served as Independent Lead Director since May 2024. Our Corporate Governance Policies outline the significant role and responsibilities of the Lead Director, which include: Chairing the Executive Committee of the Board Chairing executive sessions at which non-management directors meet outside management s presence and providing feedback from such sessions to the CEO Coordinating the activities of the Independent Directors Providing input on and approving the agendas and schedules for Board meetings Leading (with the Chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee) the annual Board evaluation Leading (with the Chair of the Management Development and Compensation Committee) the Board s review and discussion of the CEO s performance Providing feedback to individual directors following their individual evaluations Speaking on behalf of the Board and chairing Board meetings when the Chairman of the Board is unable to do so Acting as a direct conduit to the Board for stockholders, employees, and others according to the Board s policies 2026 Proxy Statement 11 Corporate governance Director Independence Our By-Laws provide that a majority of our directors must be independent ( Independent Directors ). We believe our independent board helps ensure good corporate governance and strong internal controls. Our Corporate Governance Policies, as adopted by the Board, provide independence standards consistent with the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) and the listing standards of the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC ( Nasdaq ). Our independence standards can be found in Section 7 of our Corporate Governance Policies. The Board has determined that all directors and nominees, except for Michael D. Hsu, are Independent Directors and meet the independence standards in our Corporate Governance Policies. The Nasdaq listing standards and our own Corporate Governance Policies establish certain levels at which transactions are considered to have the potential to affect a director s independence. Under our Corporate Governance Policies, certain relationships were considered immaterial and therefore were not considered by the Board in determining independence. Board Meetings The Board of Directors met 13 times in 2025 and acted one time by unanimous written consent. All of the directors attended in excess of 75 percent of the total number of meetings of the Board and the committees on which they served. All of our directors are encouraged to attend our annual meeting of stockholders. All of our directors attended the 2025 Annual Meeting. Board Committees The standing committees of the Board include the Audit Committee, Management Development and Compensation Committee, Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, and Executive Committee. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee maintains a standing Sustainability Subcommittee. In compliance with applicable Nasdaq corporate governance listing standards, the Board has adopted charters for the Audit, Management Development and Compensation, and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committees. These charters are available in the Investors section of our website at www.kimberly-clark.com . As set forth in our Corporate Governance Policies, the Audit, Management Development and Compensation, and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committees all have the authority to retain independent advisors and consultants, with all costs paid by Kimberly-Clark. 12 2026 Proxy Statement Corporate governance A udit Committee The Board has determined that each of Mmes. Burwell, Mahlan, and Shive and Messrs. Ramirez and Romanelli is an audit committee financial expert under SEC rules and regulations. For Mr. Romanelli, the Board considered his significant experience, expertise and background with regard to accounting matters, including his past experience as Vice President, Investor Relations, for Merck Co., Inc., as discussed below under The Nominees. In addition, all Audit Committee members meet the Nasdaq listing standard of financial sophistication and qualify as Independent Directors under the rules of the SEC and the Nasdaq, as well as under our Corporate Governance Policies. See Corporate Governance - Director Independence for additional information on Independent Directors. No member of the Audit Committee serves on the audit committees of more than three public companies and under our Audit Committee Charter, no Committee member is permitted to do so. Chair Dunia A. Shive Other Members Sylvia M. Burwell Deeptha Khanna Deirdre A. Mahlan Jaime A. Ramirez Joseph Romanelli Meetings in 2025: 8 The Committee s principal functions, as specified in its charter, include: Overseeing: the quality and integrity of our financial statements our compliance programs the independence, qualification, and performance of our independent auditor the performance of our internal auditor Selecting and engaging our independent auditor, subject to stockholder ratification Pre-approving all audit and non-audit services that our independent auditor provides Reviewing the scope of audits and audit findings, including any comments or recommendations of our independent auditor Establishing policies for our internal audit programs Overseeing the company s risk management program (including risks related to data privacy, cybersecurity, business continuity, IT operational resilience, emerging technologies including artificial intelligence (AI) and regulatory matters) and receiving periodic reports from management on risk assessments, the risk management process, and issues related to the risks of managing our business Committee Report For additional information about the Audit Committee s oversight activities in 2025, see Proposal 2. Ratification of Auditor - Audit Committee Report. 2026 Proxy Statement 13 Corporate governance Management Development and Compensation Committee Each member of this Committee is an Independent Director under the rules of the SEC and the Nasdaq, as well as under our Corporate Governance Policies. Chair John W. Culver Other Members Mae C. Jemison, M.D. S. Todd Maclin Christa S. Quarles Meetings in 2025: 5 The Committee s principal functions, as specified in its charter, include: Establishing and administering the policies governing annual compensation and long-term compensation, including stock option awards, restricted stock awards, and restricted share unit awards, such that the policies are designed to align compensation with our overall business strategy and performance Setting, after an evaluation of his overall performance, the compensation level of the CEO Approving, in consultation with the CEO, compensation levels and performance targets for the senior executive team Overseeing: leadership development for senior management and future senior management candidates a periodic review of our long-term and emergency succession planning for the CEO and other key officer positions, in conjunction with our Board key organizational effectiveness and engagement policies Reviewing our inclusion and belonging programs Annually reviewing our compensation policies and practices for the purpose of mitigating risks arising from these policies and practices that could reasonably have a material adverse effect Roles of the Committee and the CEO in Compensation Decisions Each year, the Committee reviews and sets the compensation of the officers that are elected by the Board (our elected officers ), including our CEO and our other executive officers. The Committee s charter does not permit the Committee to delegate to anyone the authority to establish any compensation policies or programs for elected officers, including our executive officers. With respect to officers that have been appointed to their position (our non-elected officers ), our CEO has the authority to establish compensation programs and to approve equity grants. However, only the Committee may make grants to elected officers, including our executive officers. Our CEO makes a recommendation to the Committee each year on the appropriate target annual compensation for each of the other executive officers. The Committee makes the final determination of the target annual compensation for each executive officer, including our CEO. While our CEO and Senior Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer typically attend Committee meetings, none of the other executive officers is present during the portion of the Committee s meetings when compensation for executive officers is set. In addition, our CEO is not present during the portion of the Committee s meetings when his compensation is set. For additional information on the Committee s processes and procedures for determining executive compensation, and for a detailed discussion of our compensation policies, see Compensation Discussion and Analysis. Use of Compensation Consultants The Committee s charter authorizes it to retain advisors, including compensation consultants, to assist it in its work. The Committee believes that compensation consultants can provide important market information and perspectives that can help it determine compensation programs that best meet the objectives of our compensation policies. In selecting a consultant, the Committee evaluates the independence of the firm as a whole and of the individual advisors who will be working with the Committee. 14 2026 Proxy Statement Corporate governance Independent Committee Consultant. In 2025, the Committee retained Semler Brossy Consulting Group as its independent executive compensation consultant. According to the Committee s written policy, the independent Committee consultant provides services solely to the Committee and not to Kimberly-Clark. Semler Brossy has no other business relationship with Kimberly-Clark and receives no payments from us other than fees for services to the Committee. Semler Brossy reports directly to the Committee and the Committee may replace it or hire additional consultants at any time. A representative of Semler Brossy attends Committee meetings and communicates with the Chair of the Committee between meetings from time to time. The scope of Semler Brossy s engagement in 2025 included: Conducting a review of the competitive market data (including base salary, annual incentive targets, and long-term incentive targets) for our executive officers, including our CEO Reviewing and commenting, as requested by the Committee, on recommendations by management and Mercer Human Resource Consulting ( Mercer ) concerning executive compensation programs, including program changes and redesign, special awards, change-of-control provisions, our executive compensation peer group, any executive contract provisions, promotions, retirement, and related items Reviewing and commenting on the Committee s report for the proxy statement Attending Committee meetings Periodically consulting with the Chair of the Committee During 2025, at the request of the Committee, a representative of Semler Brossy attended four Committee meetings. Kimberly-Clark Consultant. To assist management and the Committee in assessing our compensation programs and determining appropriate, competitive compensation for our executive officers, Kimberly-Clark annually engages an outside compensation consultant. In 2025, it retained Mercer for this purpose. Mercer has provided consulting services to Kimberly-Clark on a wide variety of human resources and compensation matters, both at the officer and non-officer levels. During 2025, Mercer provided advice and counsel on various matters relating to executive and director remuneration, including the following services: Assessing our executive compensation peer group and recommending changes as necessary Assessing compensation levels within our peer group for executive officer positions and other selected positions Reviewing historic and projected performance for peer group companies under the metrics we use in our annual and long-term incentive plans Assisting in incentive plan design and modifications, as requested Providing market research on various issues as requested by management Preparing for and participating in Committee meetings, as requested Reviewing the Compensation Discussion and Analysis section of the proxy statement and other disclosures, as requested Consulting with management on compensation matters Committee Assessment of Consultant Conflicts of Interest. The Committee has reviewed whether the work provided by Semler Brossy and Mercer represents any conflict of interest. Factors considered by the Committee include: (1) other services provided to Kimberly-Clark by the consultant; (2) what percentage of the consultant s total revenue is made up of fees from Kimberly-Clark; (3) policies or procedures of the consultant that are designed to prevent a conflict of interest; (4) any business or personal relationships between individual consultants involved in the engagement and Committee members; (5) any shares of Kimberly-Clark stock owned by individual consultants involved in the engagement; and (6) any business or personal relationships between our executive officers and the consulting firm or the individual consultants involved in the engagement. Based on its review, the Committee does not believe that any of the compensation consultants that performed services in 2025 has a conflict of interest with respect to the work performed for Kimberly-Clark or the Committee. 2026 Proxy Statement 15 Corporate governance Committee Report The Committee has reviewed the Compensation Discussion and Analysis section of this proxy statement and has recommended that it be included in this proxy statement. The Committee s report is located at Compensation Discussion and Analysis Management Development and Compensation Committee Report. Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Each member of this Committee is an Independent Director under the rules of the SEC and the Nasdaq, as well as under our Corporate Governance Policies. Chair Mark T. Smucker Other Members Mae C. Jemison, M.D. S. Todd Maclin Christa S. Quarles Meetings in 2025: 4 The Committee s principal functions, as specified in its charter, include the following: Maintaining and reviewing a Board succession plan Overseeing the process for Board nominations Advising the Board on: Board organization, membership, function, performance, and compensation committee structure and membership policies and positions regarding significant stockholder relations issues Overseeing corporate governance matters, including developing and recommending to the Board changes to our Corporate Governance Policies Reviewing director independence standards and making recommendations to the Board with respect to the determination of director independence Monitoring and recommending improvements to the Board s practices and procedures Reviewing stockholder proposals and considering how to respond to them Overseeing matters relating to Kimberly-Clark s corporate social responsibility and sustainability activities and providing input to management on these programs and their effectiveness Overseeing the Corporation s public policy activities, including political contributions and lobbying activities The Committee, in accordance with its charter and our Certificate of Incorporation, has established criteria and processes for director nominations, including those proposed by stockholders. Those criteria and processes are described in Proposal 1. Election of Directors - Process and Criteria for Nominating Directors, Other Information - Stockholder Director Nominees for Inclusion in Next Year s Proxy Statement and Other Information - Stockholder Director Nominees Not Included in Next Year s Proxy Statement. The Committee has a standing Sustainability Subcommittee to support the Committee in executing its oversight responsibilities for matters relating to sustainability, corporate social responsibilities, and corporate citizenship and as we continue to incorporate related risks and opportunities into the Board s overall strategic decision-making. The Sustainability Subcommittee is chaired by independent director Dr. Jemison. 16 2026 Proxy Statement Corporate governance Sustainability Subcommittee Chair Mae C. Jemison, M.D. Meetings in 2025: 1 The Subcommittee s principal functions, as specified in its charter, include the following: Reviewing environmental, social, consumer, legislative, regulatory, and public policy developments and trends that could impact our business operations, performance, and reputation Reviewing our environmental sustainability and social responsibility program and goals and monitoring progress toward achieving those goals Reviewing investor sentiment related to our environmental and social footprint Reviewing stockholder proposals that relate to sustainability matters and making recommendations regarding the response to such proposals Receiving updates regarding our relationships with key external stakeholders and partners that may have a significant impact on our business activities and performance Reviewing our environmental sustainability and corporate responsibility reports Reviewing investments and developments in our research and development program and manufacturing, technology, engineering and distribution processes and methods with respect to environmental sustainability Reviewing the company s charitable contributions Executive Committee Chair Sherilyn S. McCoy (Lead Independent Director) Other Members John W. Culver Michael D. Hsu Dunia A. Shive Mark T. Smucker Meetings in 2025: 1 The Committee s principal function is to exercise, when necessary between Board meetings, the Board s powers to direct our business and affairs. 2026 Proxy Statement 17 Corporate governance Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation None of the members of the Management Development and Compensation Committee is a current or former officer or employee of Kimberly-Clark. No interlocking relationship exists between the members of our Board of Directors or the Management Development and Compensation Committee and the board of directors or compensation committee of any other company. Stockholder Rights Proxy Access By-Law. Eligible stockholders may nominate candidates for election to the Board under our proxy access By-Law. Proxy access candidates will be included in our proxy materials. The proxy access By-Law permits a stockholder, or a group of up to 20 stockholders, owning three percent or more of our outstanding common stock continuously for at least three years to nominate and include in our proxy materials directors constituting up to two individuals or 20 percent of the Board (whichever is greater). Stockholders who wish to nominate directors under our proxy access By-Law should follow the instructions under Other Information - Stockholder Director Nominees for Inclusion in Next Year s Proxy Statement. Special Stockholder Meetings. Our Certificate of Incorporation allows the holders of 15 percent or more of our issued and outstanding shares of capital stock to request that a special meeting of stockholders be called, subject to procedures and other requirements set forth in our By-Laws. Board Policy on Stockholder Rights Plans. We do not have a poison pill or stockholder rights plan. If we were to adopt a stockholder rights plan, the Board would seek prior stockholder approval of the plan unless, due to timing constraints or other reasons, a majority of Independent Directors of the Board determines that it would be in the best interests of stockholders to adopt a plan before obtaining stockholder approval. If a stockholder rights plan is adopted without prior stockholder approval, the plan must either be ratified by stockholders or must expire, without being renewed or replaced, within one year. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee reviews this policy statement periodically and reports to the Board on any recommendations it may have concerning the policy. Simple Majority Voting Provisions. Our Certificate of Incorporation does not include supermajority voting provisions. Communicating with Directors; Stockholder Engagement Policy The Board has established a process by which stockholders and other interested parties may communicate with the Board, including the Lead Director. That process can be found in the Investors section of our website at www.kimberly-clark.com (Investors/Corporate Governance tab). Under our stockholder engagement policy, set forth in our Corporate Governance Policies, stockholders who wish to meet directly with members of our Board may send a meeting request to our Lead Director who will consider the request in consultation with the Corporate Secretary. Requests should include information about the requesting party (including the number of shares held), the reason for requesting the meeting and the topics to be discussed. 18 2026 Proxy Statement Corporate governance Stockholder Engagement In 2025, we continued our focus on regularly engaging with investors to understand their perspectives on a variety of topics. This process helps ensure that management and the Board understand and consider the issues that matter most to our stockholders and enables us to address them effectively. We reached out to stockholders representing approximately 57 percent of our common stock and engaged with stockholders representing approximately 34 percent of our common stock. We discussed many key topics, including our approach to director refreshment, our corporate governance practices, significant enhancements to our corporate social responsibility and sustainability disclosures and our executive compensation program, as well as the pending Kenvue acquisition after our announcement in November 2025. Investors continued to express broad support for our governance structures and executive compensation program and shared their views on matters related to shareholder rights and our independent, well-qualified Board. Further, investors highlighted the importance of continuing our ongoing engagement with them on corporate social responsibility and sustainability initiatives. Our corporate governance profile, executive compensation programs, and sustainability initiatives reflect the input of stockholders from our outreach efforts. Our Approach to Sustainability Everything we do at Kimberly-Clark is connected to our ambition and purpose to provide Better Care for a Better World. Our teams are working to provide the best experiences for our consumers, customers, and the communities where we work and live. Our purpose brings together Kimberly-Clark s heritage of innovation and our commitment to providing care with our intention to be better in the areas that we believe will deliver value: providing better products, contributing to a better planet, creating a better workplace, and fostering a better society. Better Care for a Better World is a summation of our best ambitions over the past 150 years of business and all we aspire to do in the future. In 2020, Kimberly-Clark set 2030 aspirations to drive action that we believe is proportionate to the challenges and opportunities that lie ahead. We strive for social impact that addresses inequities in access to hygiene, sanitation, and education. In our operations and value chain, we are advancing more efficient and productive use of raw materials and pioneering new approaches to sourcing so that we increase the resilience of our supply chain and help safeguard the world s natural systems. 2026 Proxy Statement 19 Corporate governance Strategic Focus Our 2030 Aspiration 2030 Goal Social Impact Provide product innovation and social and community program investments that increase access to sanitation, help children thrive, and empower women and girls. Advance the well-being of 1 billion people in vulnerable and underserved communities from a 2015 base year. Plastics and Circularity Deliver solutions that incorporate more renewable or recycled materials and materials that can be regenerated or repurposed after use. Reduce plastics footprint by 50% from a 2019 base year. Forests and Nature Address the climate and biodiversity crises by reducing reliance on fiber from natural forests. Reduce Natural Forest Fiber footprint by 50% from a 2011 base year. Energy and Climate Increase energy efficiency while seeking lower carbon alternatives. Reduce absolute greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions (Scopes 1 and 2) by 50% over 2015 base year. Reduce value chain emissions (Scope 3, Categories 1 and 12) by 20% from a 2015 base year.* Water Reduce water use at sites in watersheds under stress while supporting community-based water programs. Reduce water footprint in water-stressed manufacturing sites by 50% from a 2015 base year. * Reduction target is focused on emissions from the Greenhouse Gas Protocol's Scope 3 Category 1 (Purchased Goods and Services) and Category 12 (End of Life Treatment of Sold Products). Board Oversight and Governance Our Board has established and approved the framework for our sustainability-related policies and procedures, including environmental stewardship, energy and climate, fiber sourcing, waste and water management, product safety, charitable contributions, human rights, labor, and culture. As part of their oversight roles, the Board and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee receive regular reports from management on these topics, our goals, and our progress toward achieving them. Our Board oversees risk management, including risks related to environmental issues, including climate-related risks and opportunities, and social topics. The Board is focused on our long-term business strategy, including fostering sustainability-driven innovations, and incorporates our sustainability risks and opportunities into its overall strategic decision-making. Sustainability risk areas for our company include shifting customer and consumer preferences toward sustainable products, increasing regulation and mandates related to single-use plastics and greenhouse gas emissions, supply chain risks related to water security and deforestation, and the cost of the commodities and natural resources required to make and market our products. Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of the Board maintains a standing Sustainability Subcommittee to support the Committee in executing its oversight responsibilities for matters relating to sustainability, corporate social responsibilities, and corporate citizenship and as we continue to incorporate related risks and opportunities into the Board s overall strategic decision-making. The Sustainability Subcommittee is chaired by independent director Dr. Mae Jemison. 20 2026 Proxy Statement Corporate governance Recent Results In 2025, we published our 2024 achievements in our Global Sustainability Report, which shows significant progress towards our goals. Highlights include: Better Planet: We surpassed our 2030 water reduction target and bolstered our utilization of alternative energy sources such as wind and solar power. Better Workplace: We continued to progress our human rights due diligence and supplier engagement processes and continued to provide opportunities for our employees to participate in fostering a culture of belonging. Better Products: We are continually reducing our plastic footprint by designing packaging to fit within technical or biological circularity systems, using responsibly sourced, biodegradable, and/or recycled fibers in our products, and continually exploring circular solutions for post-industrial and post-consumer waste. Better Society: Our brand programs, combined with global and local partnerships, positively impacted more than 300 million individuals worldwide. Our SBTi-approved targets for carbon reduction include a 50 percent reduction in Scope 1 + 2 GHG emissions and 20 percent reduction in Scope 3 GHG emissions (categories 1 and 12) from the purchased goods and services and end-of-life treatment of sold products categories by 2030 (vs. a 2015 base year). We continue to progress our multi-pronged strategy to reduce Kimberly-Clark s scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions through a combination of energy conservation, alternative/renewable energy projects and manufacturing footprint optimization. In 2024, we: Achieved an absolute reduction in operational (Scope 1 and 2) GHG emissions of 43.3 percent and a 14.3 percent energy efficiency improvement versus our 2015 baseline. Sourced over 1,435,000 megawatt-hours (MWh) of renewable electricity, representing 39.2 percent of the total electricity purchased from local grids. In the near term, we are working toward 100 percent renewable purchased electricity in North America, have already surpassed 58.5 percent in the United Kingdom (U.K.), and continue to execute renewable projects across Europe, the Middle East, and Africa; Asia-Pacific; and Latin America. Are advancing our 2030 energy and climate goals as our Koblenz site becomes the first Kimberly-Clark tissue mill with a pathway to full electrification and 100 percent renewable electricity by 2029, supported by government grants and European virtual power purchase agreements. For Scope 3 emissions reduction we continue to improve data quality from suppliers, while seeking innovative, low carbon solutions and alternatives. We have deployed a cross-functional scope 3 strategy around 4 pillars: (1) plastics reduction and alternatives, (2) forest fiber mix, (3) transportation efficiencies and alternative technologies, and (4) recovery and recycling of materials after use. We have reduced absolute Scope 3 GHG Emissions by approximately 16 percent from a 2015 base year. Sustainability Reporting Each year, Kimberly-Clark publishes a Global Sustainability Report outlining our key strategies, initiatives, and results in greater detail, along with additional materials organized and presented in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) and Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) Standards. We also published a Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD)-aligned disclosure in 2025 and continue to refresh it in order to enhance visibility to our climate risks and opportunities. These can be found on our website at www.kimberly-clark.com/esg/downloads . 2026 Proxy Statement 21 Corporate governance Stakeholder Engagement We routinely engage our stockholders on the topic of sustainability through our governance engagement program and regular investor meetings. In these meetings, we often discuss sustainability topics and priorities relevant to our business. To continue our focus on topics where we can make the greatest impact, we conducted a materiality assessment* in 2025 to review and refresh our identified material sustainability topics. The revised topics continue to remind us of our operational impacts, risks and opportunities, including stakeholders inputs, as they evolve, informing our plans and processes. * Note: References to materiality or material topics here and across our sustainability reporting are for purposes of our sustainability strategy and voluntary reporting only and are not an indication that such information or matters are material to Kimberly-Clark under federal securities laws or corporate reporting laws, regulations, or directives that may be applicable in specific jurisdictions. Inclusion Belonging By leading with inclusion, we believe we are building an organization that leverages its culture as a competitive advantage to deliver on our purpose of Better Care for a Better World. We aim to foster an inclusive workforce where employees with a wide variety of experiences and perspectives, including those reflected in the consumers we currently serve and the billions of people who have yet to use our products, can thrive. As a company who serves global consumers and communities, we believe that employing people with a wide range of perspectives and experiences amplifies our ability to gather insights, fosters innovation, and enables us to better understand the experiences, context, and mindset of consumers around the world. Our Board of Directors We believe that having a Board that is inclusive and encompasses a wide range of experiences and perspectives is an important element of our leadership and gives us a competitive advantage. Our Strategy and Activations In 2024, we announced a new global strategy that focuses on fostering a culture of belonging and inclusion and establishing ourselves as a community advocate that is a top tier employer/industry leader. To help advance our strategy, we embrace our core values, We Care, We Own, We Act and our Grow Our People Ways of Working to help us prioritize our resources so that we can invest in helping our employees feel like they belong, which we believe is a critical growth lever. Kimberly-Clark wins because we believe that our business success is tied to cultivating workplaces, communities, and experiences where belonging and inclusion are evident and thriving. By embedding inclusion into our ways of working and how we practice our core values, we can build a purpose-led, performance-driven employee culture where all our people feel included, valued, heard and by extension, are better able to Care for themselves, each other and our consumers worldwide. As part of our strategy, we continue to focus on building our inclusive leadership capability, assessing mill/frontline culture and engagement, globalizing our mentoring programs and hosting annual global celebrations of belonging, inclusion and wellbeing for all employees worldwide. Most notably in 2025, we debuted inclusion networks to reflect our continued commitment to engagement, inclusivity and alignment with our business strategy. In addition to our inclusion networks in NA, we launched chapters in APAC, EMEA and LATAM. We also hosted our annual Little Acts of Care: a belonging inclusion celebration for employees around the globe, engaging more than 10,000 employees in over 56 countries. Our strategy and associated actions to improve inclusivity at K-C fosters a sense of belonging for all our employees, aligns with our values and advances our purpose of providing Better Care for a Better World. We aim to provide transparent updates on our workforce, including by disclosing our annual EEO-1 data after our submission of the corresponding report to the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission. Our most recent EEO-1 data is available at https://www.kimberly-clark.com/en-us/esg/downloads . 22 2026 Proxy Statement Corporate governance Other Corporate Governance Policies and Practices Corporate Governance Policies. The Board of Directors has adopted Corporate Governance Policies which guide Kimberly-Clark and the Board on matters of corporate governance, including: director responsibilities, Board committees and their charters, director independence, director compensation, performance assessments of the Board and individual directors, Board succession planning, confidentiality and conflicts of interest, director commitments, director orientation and education, director access to management, Board access to outside financial, business and legal advisors, management development and succession planning, and Board interaction with stockholders. Our Corporate Governance Policies provide for retirement at age 72. The Board monitors emerging issues and amends these policies from time to time as rules and regulations change and governance practices develop. To see the policies, go to the Investors section of our website at www.kimberly-clark.com . Board and Committee Evaluations. The Board conducts annual self-evaluations to determine whether it and its committees are functioning effectively and whether its governing documents continue to remain appropriate. Each Board member is periodically evaluated on an individual basis. The process is designed and overseen by our Lead Director and our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, and the results of the evaluations are discussed by the full Board. Each committee annually reviews its own performance and assesses the adequacy of its charter, and reports the results and any recommendations to the Board. Board Succession Planning. Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee maintains and reviews a succession plan for the Board, as described in Proposal 1. Election of Directors - Process and Criteria for Nominating Directors. Service on Other Public Boards. Under our Corporate Governance Policies, directors should not serve on more than four public company boards (including the Kimberly-Clark Board). The Board has reviewed the number of outside directorships held by directors and determined that all directors are in compliance. In addition, when nominating a director for service on the Board or for re-election, the Board considers whether, in light of other commitments (including public company board leadership positions), the nominee will have adequate time to serve as a director of Kimberly-Clark. Code of Conduct. Kimberly-Clark has a Code of Conduct that applies to all of our directors, executive officers, and employees, including our CEO, Chief Financial Officer, and Vice President and Controller. It is available in the Investors section of our website at www.kimberly-clark.com . Any amendments to or waivers of our Code of Conduct applicable to our CEO, Chief Financial Officer, or Vice President and Controller will also be posted at that location. It is our policy that any waiver of our Code of Conduct for executive officers or directors may be made only by our Board or a committee of our Board. 2026 Proxy Statement 23 Corporate governance Board and Management Roles in Risk Oversight BOARD The Board is responsible for providing risk oversight with respect to our operations. In connection with this oversight, the Board particularly focuses on our strategic and operational risks, as well as related risk mitigation. In addition, the Board reviews and oversees management s response to key risks facing Kimberly-Clark. The Board believes the allocation of risk management responsibilities described below supplements the Board s leadership structure by allocating risk areas to an appropriate committee for oversight, allows for an orderly escalation of issues as necessary, and helps the Board satisfy its risk oversight responsibilities. The Board s committees review particular risk areas to assist the Board in its overall risk oversight of Kimberly-Clark: AUDIT COMMITTEE oversees our risk management program, with a particular focus on our internal controls, compliance programs, financial statement integrity and fraud risks, data privacy, cybersecurity, business continuity, IT operational resilience, emerging technologies including artificial intelligence (AI) and regulatory matters, and related risk mitigation. receives regular reports from management on risk assessments, the risk management process, and issues related to the risks of managing our business. receives an annual enterprise risk management update, which describes our key financial, strategic, operational, and compliance risks. MANAGEMENT DEVELOPMENT AND COMPENSATION COMMITTEE reviews the risk profile of our compensation policies and practices. This process includes a review of an assessment of our compensation programs, as described in Compensation Discussion and Analysis Analysis of Compensation-Related Risks. NOMINATING AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE monitors risks relating to governance matters and recommends appropriate actions in response to those risks. along with its Sustainability Subcommittee, provides oversight of our corporate social responsibility programs and sustainability activities and receives regular updates on the effectiveness of these programs. MANAGEMENT Complementing the Board s overall risk oversight, our senior executive team identifies and monitors key enterprise-wide and business unit risks, providing the basis for the Board s risk review and oversight process. We have a Global Risk Oversight Committee, consisting of management members from core business units and from our finance, treasury, global risk management, legal, internal audit, human resources, supply chain, and digital technology services functions. This committee identifies significant risks for review and updates our policies for risk management in areas such as hedging, foreign currency and country risks, product liability, property and casualty risks, data privacy and cybersecurity risks, geopolitical risks, and supplier and customer risks. 24 2026 Proxy Statement Corporate governance Information Security. Given the importance of information security and privacy, the Audit Committee receives quarterly reports from our Chief Digital and Technology Officer and our Chief Information Security Officer covering our program for managing information security risks, including data privacy and data protection risks. We internally follow the National Institute of Standards and Technology cybersecurity framework (NIST CSF) to assess the maturity of our cybersecurity programs. Our robust information security training program for employees includes: Information security concepts included in our mandatory onboarding Code of Conduct training for all employees Monthly phishing drills with global participation An annual Cyber Security Awareness Month (CSAM) event consisting of educational opportunities and activities for all employees, including internal and external speakers and presentations. Includes training focused on timely, risk-based topics that align to corporate initiatives. Table-top exercises with senior leaders covering ransomware and third-party threats We maintain cyber insurance which includes coverage related to financial loss due to interruption of our information systems arising from a cybersecurity incident or damage to a third-party caused by a breach of our cybersecurity systems. However, costs related to a cyberattack may exceed the amount of insurance coverage or be excluded under the terms of our cybersecurity insurance policy. As a global company serving consumers in more than 175 countries and territories, we routinely experience a wide variety of cybersecurity incidents. However, we have not experienced a cybersecurity incident that has materially affected or is reasonably likely to materially affect our business strategy, results of operation, or financial condition. Whistleblower Procedures. The Audit Committee has established procedures for receiving, recording, and addressing any complaints we receive regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or auditing matters, and for the confidential and anonymous submission, by our employees or others, of any concerns about our accounting or auditing practices. We also maintain a toll-free Code of Conduct telephone helpline and a website, each allowing our employees and others to voice their concerns anonymously. Chief Compliance Officer. Our Vice President, Deputy General Counsel and Chief Compliance Officer oversees our compliance programs. His duties include: regularly updating the Audit Committee on the effectiveness of our compliance programs, providing periodic reports to the Board, and working closely with our various compliance functions to promote coordination and sharing of best practices across these functions. Management Succession Planning. In conjunction with the Board, the Management Development and Compensation Committee is responsible for periodically reviewing the long-term management development plans and succession plans for the CEO and other key officers, as well as the emergency succession plan for the CEO and other key officers if any of these officers unexpectedly becomes unable to perform his or her duties. Disclosure Committee. We have established a Disclosure Committee to assist in fulfilling our obligations to maintain disclosure controls and procedures and to coordinate and oversee the process of preparing our periodic securities filings with the SEC. This committee is composed of members of management and is chaired by our Vice President and Controller. No Executive Loans. We do not extend loans to our executive officers or directors, and, therefore, do not have any such loans outstanding. Charitable Contributions. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee has adopted guidelines for the review and approval of charitable contributions by Kimberly-Clark (or any foundation under the common control of Kimberly-Clark) to organizations or entities with which a director or an executive officer may be affiliated. We will disclose in the Investors section of our website at www.kimberly-clark.com any contributions made by us to a tax-exempt organization under the following circumstances: An Independent Director serves as an executive officer of the tax-exempt organization; and If within the preceding three years, contributions in any single year from Kimberly-Clark to the organization exceeded the greater of $1 million or 2 percent of the tax-exempt organization s consolidated gross revenues. 2026 Proxy Statement 25 Proposal 1 Election of Directors As of the date of this proxy statement, the Board of Directors consists of thirteen members. Each director s term will expire at this year s Annual Meeting. All the nominees standing for election at the Annual Meeting are being nominated to serve until the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and until their successors have been duly elected and qualified. All nominees have advised us that they will serve if elected; however, should any nominee become unable to serve, proxies may be voted for another person designated by the Board. Given the independent status of the nominees, if all nominees are elected at the Annual Meeting, twelve of the thirteen directors on our Board will be Independent Directors. Process for Director Elections Our Certificate of Incorporation provides that all of our directors must be elected annually. Our By-Laws provide that, in uncontested elections, directors must be elected by a majority of votes cast rather than by a plurality. If any incumbent director does not receive a majority of votes, he or she is required to tender his or her resignation for consideration by the Board. 26 2026 Proxy Statement Proposal 1: Election of directors Process and Criteria for Nominating Directors The Board of Directors is responsible for approving candidates for Board membership. The Board has adopted a Board succession planning policy which formalizes its commitment to refreshing and maintaining a group of directors with diverse perspectives and capabilities. The Board believes that adding fresh perspectives is critical, but also values the institutional knowledge and experience of long-serving directors. The Board is committed to balancing these factors through our succession plan, retirement policy, and director evaluation process. Succession Planning Under our succession planning policy, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee maintains and reviews a Board succession plan, taking into account current composition and qualifications, Kimberly-Clark s current and expected needs, director tenure, the effectiveness of the Board, and any planned or unplanned vacancies. Candidate Sourcing In consultation with the Chairman of the Board and the Lead Director, the Committee screens and recruits director candidates and recommends to the Board any new appointments and nominees for election as directors at our annual meeting of stockholders. It also recommends nominees to fill any vacancies. As provided in our Certificate of Incorporation, the Board of Directors has the authority to determine the size of the Board and appoint directors between annual meetings of stockholders. The Committee may receive recommendations for Board candidates from various sources, including our directors, management, and stockholders. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee periodically retains a search firm to assist it in identifying and recruiting director candidates meeting the criteria specified by the Committee. In addition, as described in Corporate Governance - Stockholder Rights, our By-Laws provide for proxy access stockholder nominations of director candidates. Stockholders who wish to nominate directors under our proxy access By-Law should follow the instructions under Other Information - Stockholder Director Nominees for Inclusion in Next Year s Proxy Statement. Stockholders who wish to nominate directors who are not intended to be included in the company s proxy materials should follow the instructions under Other Information - Stockholder Director Nominees Not Included in Next Year s Proxy Statement. Director Criteria The Committee believes that the criteria for director nominees should foster effective corporate governance, support our strategies and businesses, and ensure that our directors, as a group, both have an overall mix of the attributes needed for an effective Board and reflect diversity of background and viewpoint. The criteria should also support the successful recruitment of qualified candidates. Qualified candidates for director are those who, in the judgment of the Committee, possess a sufficient mix of the experience attributes listed below to ensure effective service on the Board. In addition, all nominees must possess high standards for ethical behavior, good interpersonal skills, and a proactive and solution-oriented leadership style. 2026 Proxy Statement 27 Proposal 1: Election of directors Key Director Experience Attributes Consumer Products Perspective on consumer needs and buying habits, industry trends, marketing campaigns and customer engagement to support our growth initiatives. Digital Knowledge of emerging technologies, including digital and e-commerce to support marketing, consumer engagement and innovation. Social Responsibility Experience leading or advocating for social responsibility initiatives, health and public policy, and integrating social responsibility into corporate strategy to support integrated sustainability programs. International Experience with markets outside of the United States, including exposure to different cultural perspectives and practices to support our global operations. Marketing Perspectives on building brand awareness and marketing to consumers as well as identifying, developing, and marketing new products, to support our growth initiatives. M A Experience with acquisitions, divestitures and other strategic transactions to support our portfolio optimization efforts. Financial Expertise Understanding of accounting and financial reporting processes in large, complex businesses to support the oversight of our financial reporting and compliance. Innovation/R D Experience with innovation processes and knowledge of emerging technologies to support our efforts to translate our consumer understanding into new and successful products. Strategy Transformation Experience with strategic planning and transformation initiatives. CEO Leadership Leadership experience with a complex, large enterprise to offer perspectives on organizational planning, talent development, and driving long-term growth. Cybersecurity A background or oversight experience in information technology/software, cybersecurity or technology to support the Board s management of cybersecurity risks. Human Capital Experience with talent acquisition, development and retention and fostering a positive corporate culture. 28 2026 Proxy Statement Proposal 1: Election of directors Key Attributes of Current Directors The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee has reviewed the background of each of our director nominees in light of the experience attributes described on the prior page. The Committee has determined that each nominee possesses a sufficient mix of the experience attributes and that the nominees collectively possess the necessary experience to effectively guide our company. Consumer Products 10/13 Financial Expertise 11/13 Digital 7/13 Innovation/R D 8/13 Social Responsibility 6/13 Strategy Transformation 13/13 International 11/13 CEO Leadership 8/13 Marketing 11/13 Cybersecurity 4/13 M A 11/13 Human Capital 13/13 As noted above, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee believes that diversity of backgrounds and viewpoints is a valuable attribute to include in the boardroom. The Committee has not established a formal policy regarding diversity. 2026 Proxy Statement 29 Proposal 1: Election of directors The Nominees Sylvia M. Burwell, 60 Former President, American University Director since: 2022 Notable Board Contributions: Ms. Burwell brings extensive regulatory, public health, and risk management experience from senior government roles, including as the 22nd U.S. Secretary of Health and Human Services (HHS) Her broad senior leadership experience spans managing a $1 trillion department at HHS to holding executive positions at two of the largest foundations in the world Ms. Burwell s academic, government, and philanthropic background brings diversity of perspective to the Board, with experience that supports oversight of our strategy and purpose Additional Key Skills and Experience: Social responsibility, cybersecurity, and strategy and transformation experience Qualifies as an audit committee financial expert under the SEC s rules and regulations Career Highlights: 2024 - Present : Senior Professorial Lecturer, American University School of Public Affairs and Distinguished Fellow in Residence at the Sine Institute for Policy and Politics 2017 2024: President, American University 2014 2017: 22nd U.S. Secretary of Health and Human Services with oversight for the National Institutes of Health, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, Food and Drug Administration, and the Medicaid and Medicare Programs 2013 2014: Director, White House Office of Management and Budget 2012 2013: President, Walmart Foundation 2001 2011: Various senior global development and operational roles, Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation Additional Public Company Board Memberships: None 30 2026 Proxy Statement Proposal 1: Election of directors John W. Culver, 65 Former Group President, North America and Chief Operating Officer, Starbucks Corporation Director since: 2020 Notable Board Contributions: Mr. Culver brings global brand and distribution expertise from over 20 years of leadership in the consumer products sector He brings extensive experience in product and brand growth across international and emerging markets, which has proven valuable in the context of our global presence He strengthens our Board s knowledge of digital marketing and e-commerce, which are critical skill sets as we grow our e-commerce capabilities amid an evolving consumer marketplace Additional Key Skills and Experience: Information technology, cybersecurity, social responsibility, M A, strategy and transformation, and human capital experience Meets the Nasdaq listing standard of financial sophistication Career Highlights: 2021 2022: Group President, North America and Chief Operating Officer, Starbucks Corporation 2018 2021: Group President, International, Channel Development and Global Coffee Tea, Starbucks Corporation 2017 2018: Group President, International and Channels, Starbucks Corporation 2016 2017: Group President, Starbucks Global Retail, Starbucks Corporation 2013 2016: Group President, China, Asia Pacific, Channel Development and Emerging Brands, Starbucks Corporation 2011 2013: President, Starbucks Coffee China and Asia Pacific, Starbucks Corporation 2009 2011: President, Starbucks Coffee International, Starbucks Corporation 2002 2009: Various other consumer products roles, Starbucks Corporation Other Affiliations: Director of The Mission Continues (national, nonpartisan nonprofit that empowers veterans to continue their service) Additional Public Company Board Memberships: 2021 Present: Columbia Sportswear Company 2026 Proxy Statement 31 Proposal 1: Election of directors Michael D. Hsu, 61 Chairman of the Board and CEO, Kimberly-Clark Corporation Director since: 2017 Notable Board Contributions: Mr. Hsu brings deep consumer experience from over 30 years in the consumer products industry, where he has served in leadership roles across operations, sales, marketing, and logistics His deep familiarity with our business units, global innovation, market, and supply chain functions from over 13 years at Kimberly-Clark reinforces our Board s understanding of our day-to-day operations Mr. Hsu s experience building and restoring global consumer brands at Ore-Ida and Kraft Grocery is invaluable as we drive our Powering Care transformation strategy forward Additional Key Skills and Experience: Digital, marketing, innovation/R D, social responsibility, M A, and human capital experience Meets the Nasdaq listing standard of financial sophistication Career Highlights: 2019 Present: Chief Executive Officer, Kimberly-Clark (appointed Chairman of the Board in 2020) 2017 2019: President and Chief Operating Officer, Kimberly-Clark 2013 2016: Group President, North America, Kimberly-Clark 2012 2013: Group President, North America Consumer Products, 2012: Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer, Kraft Foods 2010 2012: President of Sales, Customer Marketing and Logistics, Kraft Foods 2008 2010: President, Grocery Business Unit, Kraft Foods 2006 2008: President, Foodservice, H.J. Heinz Company Additional Public Company Board Memberships: 2024 Present: McDonald s Corporation 2020 2023: Texas Instruments Incorporated 32 2026 Proxy Statement Proposal 1: Election of directors Mae C. Jemison, M.D., 69 President, The Jemison Group, Inc. Director since: 2002 Notable Board Contributions: Dr. Jemison brings expertise in scientific and medical research and innovation developed through her academic background (doctorate degree in medicine; degree in chemical engineering) and founding and leading technology-focused businesses and organizations She brings a valuable perspective of integrating social responsibility into corporate strategy, drawing from relevant experiences including as a professor of environmental studies Dr. Jemison contributes an entrepreneurial and innovative mindset to our Board s oversight Additional Key Skills and Experience: International, compensation, governance, strategy and transformation, human capital, and public company board experience Meets the Nasdaq listing standard of financial sophistication Founding chair of the State of Texas Product Development and Small Business Incubator Board and was a member of the Advisory Board of the National Institute of Health for Biomedical Imaging and Bioengineering Career Highlights: 1993 Present: Founder and President, The Jemison Group, Inc. (science, technology, and innovation consulting company) 1995 2002: Professor of Environmental Studies, Dartmouth College 1987 1993: Astronaut, National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) Additional Affiliations: Principal for the 100 Year Starship Project and serves on executive advisory board of Breakthrough Starshot (research initiatives fostering technological innovation for space travel) Founded the Dorothy Jemison Foundation for Excellence and developed The Earth We Share international science camp and STEM programs Founding Chair of the State of Texas Product Development and Small Business Incubator Board Faculty member at EnMed Texas A M School of Engineering and adjunct professor at Dartmouth s medical school Member of National Academy of Medicine and serves on its governance council; former member of Advisory Board of the National Institute of Health for Biomedical Imaging and Bioengineering Member of the NASA Innovative Advanced Concepts (NAC) External Advisory Council Serves on the Board of the African Museum of Science and Technology (Kenya) Additional Public Company Board Memberships: None 2026 Proxy Statement 33 Proposal 1: Election of directors Deeptha Khanna, 50 EVP and Chief Business Leader, Personal Health, Royal Philips Director since: 2023 Notable Board Contributions: Ms. Khanna brings a strong consumer mindset with over 27 years of experience in the consumer and health sectors at Royal Philips, Johnson Johnson, and Procter Gamble She strengthens our Board s understanding of global consumer behavior, supply chains, and operations, having led businesses across international markets Ms. Khanna s experience in strategy and transformation, innovation, and M A is invaluable as we execute our growth strategy Additional Key Skills and Experience: Social responsibility, marketing, digital marketing, and e-commerce experience Meets the Nasdaq listing standard of financial sophistication Career Highlights: 2020 Present: Executive Vice President and Chief Business Leader, Personal Health, and member of Executive Committee, Royal Philips (health technology company) 2019 2020: Global President, Skin Health and Office of Marketing Value, Johnson Johnson 2017 2019: Global President, Baby Care, Johnson Johnson 2015 2017: Vice President, Baby Care, Asia Pacific and Global Emerging Markets, Johnson Johnson 1998 2015: Various global marketing and brand management roles, Procter Gamble Additional Public Company Board Memberships: None 34 2026 Proxy Statement Proposal 1: Election of directors S. Todd Maclin, 69 Retired Chairman, Chase Commercial and Consumer Banking, JPMorgan Chase Co. Director since: 2019 Notable Board Contributions: Mr. Maclin has a robust background in banking and finance from a 37-year career at JPMorgan Chase, including M A and strategy and transformation experience His expertise in navigating complex global business environments and managing external risks supports the Board s oversight in a competitive industry He brings a differentiated consumer perspective through his leadership as Chairman of Chase Commercial and Consumer Banking Additional Key Skills and Experience: Consumer products, digital, marketing, cybersecurity, and information technology experience Meets the Nasdaq listing standard of financial sophistication Career Highlights: 2013 2016: Chairman, Chase Commercial and Consumer Banking, JPMorgan Chase Co. 2008 2014: Operating Committee Member, JPMorgan Chase Co. 1980 2013: Various leadership roles, including Regional Executive for Texas and the Southwest U.S. and Global Executive for Energy Investment Banking, JPMorgan Chase Co. Other Affiliations: Various leadership roles at the University of Texas, including Director of The University of Texas Development Board, former President and Interim Co-Director of Texas Exes, and member of the Board of Children's Health Services of Texas (CHST) Board member of RRH Corporation (parent company of Hunt Consolidated, Inc.) and Arvest Banking Corporation (private bank); also serves as a Board advisor for OakTruss Group (formerly known as Cyber Defense Labs) Member of the Center for Strategic International Studies (CSIS) Advisory Board and co-Chair of its CSIS Dallas Roundtable Member of Everside Capital Partners Senior Advisory Committee Additional Public Company Board Memberships: 2020 Present: Trinity Industries, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement 35 Proposal 1: Election of directors Deirdre A. Mahlan, 63 Former President, CEO and Chairperson The Duckhorn Portfolio, Inc. Director since: 2021 Notable Board Contributions: Ms. Mahlan brings deep industry and operational expertise through global leadership roles, including CEO and CFO experience at branded consumer goods companies Her extensive experience in M A and strategy and transformation, developed across her 19 years at Diageo, has been integral to the Board s oversight of the pending Kenvue acquisition She also provides experience in Board oversight of a public company in the consumer health space through her former directorship at Haleon plc Additional Key Skills and Experience: CEO leadership, accounting and finance, marketing, and human capital experience Qualifies as an audit committee financial expert under the SEC s rules and regulations Career Highlights: 2025: Interim Chief Financial Officer, Diageo plc (through December 2025) 2024: President, Chief Executive Officer, and Chairperson of The Duckhorn Portfolio, Inc. (initially served as Interim President, Chief Executive Officer, and Chairperson from September 2023 to April 2024) 2015 2020: President of Diageo North America, Diageo plc 2010 2015: Chief Financial Officer, Diageo plc 2002 2010: Various financial leadership roles, including Deputy Financial Officer and Head of Tax and Treasury, Diageo plc 1984 1992: Audit roles across multiple diversified global companies, PricewaterhouseCoopers Additional Public Company Board Memberships: 2025 Present: The Hershey Company 2022 2024: Haleon plc 2021 2024: The Duckhorn Portfolio, Inc. 36 2026 Proxy Statement Proposal 1: Election of directors Sherilyn S. McCoy, 67 Former Chief Executive Officer, Avon Products, Inc. Director since: 2018 Notable Board Contributions: Ms. McCoy brings over 30 years of experience in personal care products and branded consumer packaged goods through global leadership roles at Johnson Johnson and Avon Products Her deep sector familiarity, M A, and strategy and transformation experience, developed across key senior executive and Board roles, is invaluable as we execute our Powering Care transformation strategy Ms. McCoy s expertise in innovation, R D, and brand investments is critical as we strengthen our brand growth strategies on a global scale Additional Key Skills and Experience: CEO leadership, marketing, compensation, governance, and M A experience Meets the Nasdaq listing standard of financial sophistication Career Highlights: 2012 2018 : Chief Executive Officer and Director, Avon Products, Inc. (personal care products company) 2011 2012: Vice Chairman, Johnson Johnson (responsible for oversight of Pharmaceutical, Consumer, Corporate Office of Science Technology, and Information Technology divisions) 2009 2011: Worldwide Chairman, Pharmaceuticals Group, Johnson Johnson 2008 2009: Worldwide Chairman, Surgical Care Group, Johnson Johnson 2005 2008: Company Group Chairman and Worldwide Franchise Chairman, Ethicon, Inc. (subsidiary of Johnson Johnson) Additional Public Company Board Memberships: 2018 Present: Stryker Corporation 2017 Present: AstraZeneca PLC 2018 2022: NovoCure Limited 2020 2021: Certara Inc. (Ms. McCoy initially joined the Board in 2018, prior to IPO in 2020) 2026 Proxy Statement 37 Proposal 1: Election of directors Christa S. Quarles, 52 Chief Executive Officer, Parallels Director since: 2016 Notable Board Contributions: Ms. Quarles brings robust strategic transformation experience, including leading OpenTable through its pivotal transition to cloud-based, small business solutions Her track record of delivering results in digital commerce has provided critical insight into an important component of our marketing and distribution strategy Ms. Quarles technology and cybersecurity expertise, gained through her leadership roles at Parallels and OpenTable, supports our Board s oversight of opportunities and risks in these areas Additional Key Skills and Experience: Consumer products, international, innovation, digital marketing, M A, and human capital experience Meets the Nasdaq listing standard of financial sophistication Career Highlights: 2020 Present: Chief Executive Officer and Director, Parallels (portfolio software company of KKR) 2019 2020: Operating Partner, Advent International 2015 2018: Chief Executive Officer, OpenTable, Inc. (also served as Chief Financial Officer from May November 2015) 2014 2015: Chief Business Officer, Nextdoor, Inc. 2010 2014: Various positions in mobile and social games, The Walt Disney Company 2009 2010: Chief Financial Officer, Playdom Inc. (acquired by The Walt Disney Company in 2010) Additional Public Company Board Memberships: 2021 Present: Affirm Holdings, Inc. 38 2026 Proxy Statement Proposal 1: Election of directors Jaime A. Ramirez, 59 Chief Executive Officer, Fluidra Director since: 2021 Notable Board Contributions: Mr. Ramirez brings strategic and operational leadership expertise from over 30 years in the branded consumer goods sector at Fluidra and Stanley Black Decker He contributes a unique global perspective from his extensive experience overseeing businesses across emerging and international markets Mr. Ramirez s demonstrated leadership in scaling and overseeing effective operations across product lines supports our Board s oversight of these critical aspects of our growth strategy Additional Key Skills and Experience: Innovation, M A, and strategy and transformation experience Qualifies as an audit committee financial expert under the SEC s rules and regulations Career Highlights: 2024 Present: Chief Executive Officer, Fluidra (swimming pool and wellness company) 2020 2022: Executive Vice President and President, Global Tools Storage, Stanley Black Decker 2019 2020: Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, Tools Storage, Stanley Black Decker 2012 2019: Senior Vice President and President, Global Emerging Markets, Stanley Black Decker 1991 2012: Various international leadership roles, including President, Construction and DIY, Latin America and President, Latin America Group, Stanley Black Decker Additional Public Company Board Memberships: None 2026 Proxy Statement 39 Proposal 1: Election of directors Joseph Romanelli, 52 President, Human Health International, Merck Director since: November 2024 Notable Board Contributions: Mr. Romanelli brings international leadership experience, as well as a deep familiarity with the healthcare space, from almost 30 years at Merck and predecessor companies He brings an understanding of the investor perspective to the Board, developed through his former Investor Relations roles Mr. Romanelli s strong marketing and innovation experience supports the Board s oversight of our work to innovate across key markets Additional Key Skills and Experience: Consumer products, digital, M A, strategy and transformation, and human capital experience Qualifies as an audit committee financial expert under the SEC s rules and regulations Career Highlights: 2022 Present: President, Human Health International, Merck Co., Inc. 2021 2022: Chief Executive Officer, JiXing Pharmaceuticals (China-based biopharmaceutical company) 2016 2021: President MSD China, Merck Co., Inc. 1996 2021: Various global leadership and Investor Relations roles, including Vice President, Investor Relations (from 2013 2015), Merck Co., Inc. Additional Public Company Board Memberships: None 40 2026 Proxy Statement Proposal 1: Election of directors Dunia A. Shive, 65 Former President and Chief Executive Officer, Belo Corp. Director since: 2019 Notable Board Contributions: Ms. Shive brings experience in complex M A transactions and post-M A integration through her leadership role at Belo Corp. during its merger with Gannett and at TEGNA (formerly Gannett) after the transaction She has deep familiarity with marketing solutions across both traditional and digital platforms through her extensive experience at major media companies Ms. Shive s digital and marketing expertise strengthens the Board s understanding and oversight of emerging technologies and growth initiatives Additional Key Skills and Experience: Accounting and finance, compensation, governance, strategy and transformation, and human capital experience Qualifies as an audit committee financial expert under the SEC s rules and regulations Career Highlights: 2013 2017: Senior Vice President, TEGNA Inc. (broadcast and digital media company; formerly Gannett) 2008 2013: President and Chief Executive Officer, Belo Corp. (acquired by Gannett in 2013) 1993 2008: Various finance and operational roles, including Chief Financial Officer, Belo Corp. Other Affiliations: Trustee of Downtown Dallas Parks Conservancy Additional Public Company Board Memberships: 2020 Present: Main Street Capital Corporation 2014 Present: Trinity Industries, Inc. 2021 2025: DallasNews Corporation 2026 Proxy Statement 41 Proposal 1: Election of directors Mark T. Smucker, 56 Chair of the Board, President, and Chief Executive Officer, The J.M. Smucker Company Director since: 2019 Notable Board Contributions: Mr. Smucker brings deep industry knowledge and familiarity with branded consumer packaged goods through almost 30 years at The J.M. Smucker Company, including nearly 10 years as CEO His experience in navigating complex business environments is integral to the Board s oversight of strategy and risk management Mr. Smucker s innovation and marketing expertise further supports oversight of brand development, marketing, and distribution strategies Additional Key Skills and Experience: Social responsibility, compensation, governance, M A, and strategy and transformation experience Meets the Nasdaq listing standard of financial sophistication Career Highlights: 2016 Present: Chair of the Board, President, and Chief Executive Officer, The J.M. Smucker Company (appointed to Chair role in 2022) 2015 2016 : President and President, Consumer and Natural Foods, The J.M. Smucker Company 2011 2015: President, U.S. Retail Coffee, The J.M. Smucker Company 2008 2011: President, Special Markets, The J.M. Smucker Company 2007 2008: Vice President, International, The J.M. Smucker Company 2006 2007: Vice President, International and Managing Director, Canada, The J.M. Smucker Company Additional Public Company Board Memberships: 2009 Present: The J.M. Smucker Company The Board of Directors unanimously recommends a vote FOR the election of each of the thirteen nominees for director. Director Compensation Directors who are not officers or employees of Kimberly-Clark or any of our subsidiaries, affiliates, or equity companies are Outside Directors for compensation purposes and are compensated for their services under our 2021 Outside Directors Compensation Plan. All Independent Directors currently on our Board are Outside Directors and are compensated under this Plan. Our objectives for Outside Director Compensation are: to remain competitive with the compensation paid to outside directors of comparable companies to keep pace with changes in practices in director compensation to attract qualified candidates for Board service to reinforce our practice of encouraging stock ownership by our directors 42 2026 Proxy Statement Proposal 1: Election of directors The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee periodically reviews the form and amount of non-management director compensation to ensure that it is appropriate relative to peer companies. The table below shows how we structured Outside Director compensation in 2025: Additional Annual Grant of Restricted Share Units Committee Chairs Audit +$25,000 Management Development and Compensation +$25,000 Nominating and Corporate Governance +$25,000 Sustainability Subcommittee +$20,000 Lead Director +$30,000 Stockholder Alignment Restricted share units are not paid out until retirement or other termination of Board service New Outside Directors receive the full quarterly amount of the annual retainer for the quarter in which they join the Board. Their annual grant of restricted share units is pro-rated based on the date when they joined. We also reimburse Outside Directors for expenses incurred in attending Board or committee meetings. Restricted share units are not shares of our common stock. Rather, restricted share units represent the right to receive a pre- determined number of shares of our common stock within 90 days following a restricted period that begins on the date of grant and expires on the date the Outside Director retires from or otherwise terminates service on the Board. In this way, they align the director s interests with the interests of our stockholders. Outside Directors may not dispose of the units or use them in a pledge or similar transaction. Outside Directors also receive additional restricted share units equivalent in value to the dividends that would have been paid to them if the restricted share units granted to them were shares of our common stock. 2026 Proxy Statement 43 Proposal 1: Election of directors 2025 Outside Director Compensation The following table shows the compensation paid to each Outside Director for his or her service in 2025. Name Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ($) Stock Awards ($) (1)(2)(3) All Other Compensation ($) (4) Total ($) (5) Sylvia M. Burwell 105,000 195,000 10,000 310,000 John W. Culver 105,000 220,000 325,000 Mae C. Jemison, M.D. 105,000 215,000 320,000 Deeptha Khanna 105,000 195,000 300,000 S. Todd Maclin 105,000 195,000 20,000 320,000 Deirdre A. Mahlan 105,000 195,000 300,000 Sherilyn S. McCoy 105,000 225,000 20,000 350,000 Christa S. Quarles 105,000 195,000 5,000 305,000 Jaime A. Ramirez 105,000 195,000 2,080 302,080 Joseph Romanelli 105,000 195,000 300,000 Dunia A. Shive 105,000 220,000 325,000 Mark T. Smucker 105,000 220,000 325,000 (1) Amounts shown reflect the grant date fair value of those grants, determined in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) Topic 718 Stock Compensation ( ASC Topic 718 ) for restricted share unit awards granted pursuant to our 2021 Outside Directors Compensation Plan. See Note 8 to our audited consolidated financial statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for 2025 for the assumptions used in valuing these restricted share units. (2) Restricted share unit awards were granted to the Outside Directors on January 2, 2025. The number of restricted share units granted is set forth below: Name Restricted Share Unit Grants in 2025(#) Sylvia M. Burwell 1,493 John W. Culver 1,684 Mae C. Jemison, M.D. 1,646 Deeptha Khanna 1,493 S. Todd Maclin 1,493 Deirdre A. Mahlan 1,493 Sherilyn S. McCoy 1,722 Christa S. Quarles 1,493 Jaime A. Ramirez 1,493 Joseph Romanelli 1,493 Dunia A. Shive 1,684 Mark T. Smucker 1,684 44 2026 Proxy Statement Proposal 1: Election of directors (3) As of December 31, 2025, Outside Directors had the following stock awards outstanding: Name Restricted Share Units(#) Sylvia M. Burwell 5,765 John W. Culver 8,414 Mae C. Jemison, M.D. 63,164 Deeptha Khanna 3,680 S. Todd Maclin 10,533 Deirdre A. Mahlan 6,639 Sherilyn S. McCoy 12,817 Christa S. Quarles 16,483 Jaime A. Ramirez 6,639 Joseph Romanelli 1,778 Dunia A. Shive 11,447 Mark T. Smucker 10,323 (4) Reflects charitable matching gifts paid in 2025 under the Kimberly-Clark Foundation s Matching Gifts Program to a charity designated by the director. This program is available to all our employees and directors. Under the program, the Kimberly-Clark Foundation matches employees and directors financial contributions to qualified educational and charitable organizations in the United States on a dollar-for-dollar basis, up to $10,000 per person per calendar year. Amounts paid in 2025 in connection with certain matching gifts for Messrs. Maclin and Ramirez, and Mmes. Burwell, McCoy and Quarles reflect donations made in 2024. (5) During 2025, Outside Directors received additional restricted share units with a value equal to the cash dividends paid during the year on our common stock on the restricted share units held by them. Because we factor the value of the right to receive dividends into the grant date fair value of the restricted share units awards, the dividend equivalents received by Outside Directors are not included in the Outside Director Compensation table. The additional restricted share units credited in 2025 were as follows: Name Number of Restricted Share Units Credited in 2025(#) Grant Date Fair Value of Restricted Share Units Credited($) Sylvia M. Burwell 200.15 26,341 John W. Culver 296.72 39,044 Mae C. Jemison, M.D. 2,329.79 306,371 Deeptha Khanna 122.73 16,162 S. Todd Maclin 377.17 49,618 Deirdre A. Mahlan 232.59 30,607 Sherilyn S. McCoy 459.82 60,490 Christa S. Quarles 598.08 78,666 Jaime A. Ramirez 232.59 30,607 Joseph Romanelli 52.11 6,876 Dunia A. Shive 409.33 53,850 Mark T. Smucker 367.60 48,363 Other than the cash retainer, grants of restricted share units and the other compensation previously described, no Outside Director received any compensation or perquisites from Kimberly-Clark for services as a director in 2025. A director who is not an Outside Director does not receive any compensation for services as a member of the Board or any committee, but is reimbursed for expenses incurred as a result of the services. 2026 Proxy Statement 45 Proposal 2 Ratification of Auditor The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors is directly responsible for the appointment, compensation, retention and oversight of our independent auditor. The Audit Committee is also responsible for overseeing the negotiation of the audit fees associated with retaining our independent auditor. To assure continuing auditor independence, the Audit Committee periodically considers whether a different audit firm should perform our independent audit work. Also, in connection with the mandated rotation of the independent auditor s lead engagement partner, the Audit Committee and its chair are directly involved in the selection of the new lead engagement partner. For 2026, the Audit Committee has selected Deloitte Touche LLP (along with its member firms and affiliates, Deloitte ) as the independent registered public accounting firm to audit our financial statements. In engaging Deloitte for 2026, the Audit Committee utilized a review and selection process that included the following: a review of management s assessment of the services Deloitte provided in 2025 and a comparison of this assessment to prior years reviews discussions, in executive session, with the Chief Financial Officer and the Vice President and Controller regarding their viewpoints on the selection of the 2026 independent auditor and on Deloitte s performance discussions, in executive session, with representatives of Deloitte about their possible engagement Audit Committee discussions, in executive session, about the selection of the 2026 independent auditor a review and approval of Deloitte s proposed estimated fees for 2026 a review and assessment of Deloitte s independence the Audit Committee s consideration of the fact that Deloitte has served as our independent auditor since 1928, including its understanding of our global business, accounting policies and practices, and internal control over financial reporting, and its conclusion that its term of service does not impact Deloitte s independence The Audit Committee and the Board believe that the continued retention of Deloitte to serve as our independent auditor is in the best interests of Kimberly-Clark and its stockholders, and they recommend that stockholders ratify this selection. If the stockholders do not ratify the selection of Deloitte, the Audit Committee will consider the selection of another independent auditor. Representatives of Deloitte are expected to be present at the Annual Meeting with the opportunity to make a statement if they desire to do so and will be available to respond to appropriate questions. The Board of Directors unanimously recommends a vote FOR ratification of Deloitte s selection as Kimberly-Clark s auditor for 2026. 46 2026 Proxy Statement Proposal 2: Ratification of auditor Principal Accounting Firm Fees Our aggregate fees to Deloitte (excluding value added taxes) with respect to the fiscal years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, were as follows (dollars in millions): 2025 2024 Audit Fees (1) $ 15.7 $ 13.9 Audit-Related Fees (2) 0.6 0.5 Tax Fees (3) 0.8 2.1 All Other Fees (4) 0.1 (1) These amounts represent fees billed or expected to be billed for professional services rendered by Deloitte for the audit of Kimberly-Clark s annual financial statements for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, reviews of the financial statements included in Kimberly-Clark s quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and other services that are normally provided by the independent registered public accounting firm in connection with statutory or regulatory filings or engagements for each of those fiscal years. These amounts also include fees for an audit of internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. (2) These amounts represent aggregate fees billed or expected to be billed by Deloitte for assurance and related services reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements, that are not included in the audit fees listed above. These services include engagements related to employee benefit plans, attest services (including for voluntary environmental, social, and governance reporting), assistance with and review of SEC filings, due diligence and accounting consultation in connection with acquisitions and dispositions, and other matters. (3) These amounts represent Deloitte s aggregate fees for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning for 2025 and 2024. Approximately $0.1 million was for tax compliance/preparation fees in 2024. (4) These amounts represent all other fees for products and services provided by Deloitte and not included in audit fees, audit-related fees, and tax fees above. Audit Committee Approval of Audit and Non-Audit Services The Audit Committee has a policy for pre-approval of all audit and permissible non-audit services provided by Deloitte. Each year, the Audit Committee approves the terms on which Deloitte is engaged for the ensuing year. At least quarterly, the Audit Committee reviews and, if appropriate, pre-approves non-audit services to be performed by Deloitte, reviews a report summarizing year-to-date approved non-audit services provided by Deloitte, and reviews an updated projection of the year s estimated non-audit service fees. To ensure prompt handling of unexpected matters, the Audit Committee has delegated to the Chair of the Audit Committee the authority to amend or modify the list of audit and non-audit services and fees between meetings, as long as the additional or amended services do not affect Deloitte s independence under applicable rules. The Audit Committee then reviews the Chair s approval decisions each quarter. All Deloitte services and fees in 2025 and 2024 were pre-approved by the Audit Committee or the Audit Committee Chair. 2026 Proxy Statement 47 Proposal 2: Ratification of auditor Audit Committee Report In accordance with its char