=== KMB_2026-02-12.htm.gz ===
Item 1A, "Risk Factors" in this Form 10-K for additional information. Pending Acquisition of Kenvue, Inc. On November 2, 2025, we entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the "Merger Agreement") to acquire the outstanding equity interests of Kenvue, Inc. ("Kenvue"), a global consumer health leader, for stock and cash consideration (the "Kenvue Acquisition"). Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, which was unanimously approved by the Boards of Directors of each of Kimberly-Clark and Kenvue, each share of Kenvue common stock, 24 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2025 Annual Report par value $0.01 per share, issued and outstanding at the close of the Kenvue Acquisition (subject to certain provisions within the Merger Agreement) will be converted into the right to receive (i) 0.14625 shares of Kimberly-Clark common stock, par value $1.25 per share (the "Stock Consideration"), plus (ii) $3.50 in cash (the "Cash Consideration" and, together with the Stock Consideration, the "Merger Consideration"). In total, we expect approximately 280 million shares of common stock to be issued and approximately $6.7 billion to be paid for the Merger Consideration. The Cash Consideration is expected to be funded through a combination of cash on hand, proceeds from new debt issuance, and proceeds from the IFP Transaction (as defined below). The actual value of the transaction will fluctuate based upon changes in the price of Kimberly-Clark common stock and the number of shares of Kenvue common stock outstanding at the time of closing. During the year ended December 31, 2025, we incurred $32 of acquisition-related costs in connection with the Kenvue Acquisition, which are included in Marketing, research and general expenses. See Item 8, Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further details. International Family Care and Professional ("IFP") Transaction On June 5, 2025, we announced that the Company will form a joint venture with Suzano S.A. ("Suzano") and Suzano International Holding B.V., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Suzano ("Buyer"), comprised of substantially all the operations of the Company's former IFP segment (the "IFP Business"). To facilitate this transaction, we entered into an Equity and Asset Purchase Agreement (the "Purchase Agreement") with Buyer, pursuant to which we will, among other things, effectuate a reorganization through the transfer of certain assets, liabilities and equity interests of the IFP Business to Kimberly-Clark IFP NewCo B.V., an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (the "Joint Venture"). At the time of closing, which is expected to take place in mid-2026 and will only take place following the satisfaction of consultation requirements and customary closing conditions, including obtaining required regulatory approvals, Buyer will acquire a 51% interest in the Joint Venture for a purchase price of approximately $1.7 billion, subject to certain closing adjustments set forth in the Purchase Agreement, and we will retain a 49% equity interest (the "IFP Transaction"). As a result, the results of operations and applicable assets and liabilities of the IFP Business are reported as discontinued operations in the Company's Consolidated Financial Statements for all periods presented and the Company has ceased depreciating and amortizing the long-lived assets of the IFP Business. See Item 8, Notes 1 and 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further details. As a result of the IFP Transaction discussed above, the Company's continuing operations are now organized into two reportable segments defined by geographic region: North America ("NA") and International Personal Care ("IPC"). The results of the IFP Business, including certain costs that were previously allocated to the IPC segment that relate to assets or activities that are part of the IFP Transaction, are reported as discontinued operations and excluded from segment results for all periods presented. Additionally, certain operations and commercial activities of the former IFP segment retained by the Company are now reported in the NA and IPC segments. Further, Corporate and Other was updated for all periods presented to include the following: Operations of the former IFP segment that were divested prior to the IFP Transaction and therefore not reported as discontinued operations. Costs previously allocated to the former IFP segment that are not directly attributable to the operations included in the IFP Transaction and therefore are not reported as discontinued operations. Segments are described in greater detail in Item 8, Note 16 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 25 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2025 Annual Report 2024 Transformation Initiative The 2024 Transformation Initiative is designed to sharpen our strategic focus through a new operating model and strategy that leverages three synergistic pillars: Accelerating pioneering innovation to capture significant growth available in our product categories by investing in science-based and proprietary technology to solve unmet and evolving consumer needs, and delivering breakthrough storytelling to drive category participation and brand love; Optimizing our margin structure to deliver superior consumer propositions at every rung of the good, better, best ladder, and implement initiatives and deploy technology and data analytics designed to create a fast, adaptable, integrated supply chain with greater visibility that can deliver continuous improvement; and Wiring our organization for growth to drive agility, speed, and focused execution that extends our competitive advantages further into the future. Our new operating model and Powering Care strategy is intended to drive durable, long-term growth. Specifically, we are harnessing our inherent strengths, powerhouse brands and categories, science as our competitive advantage, and scalable capabilities led by top talent to sharpen our focus on growth. As we execute our strategy, we will reduce our structural cost base by realigning our internal operating and management structure to streamline our global supply chain and improve the efficiency of our corporate and regional overhead cost structures. The transformation is expected to impact our organization in all major geographies, and workforce reductions are expected to be in the range of 4% to 5% . Certain actions under the 2024 Transformation Initiative are being finalized for implementation, and accounting for such actions will commence when the actions are authorized for execution. The 2024 Transformation Initiative is expected to be completed by the end of 2026. Total pre-tax savings are expected to be $3.0 billion in gross productivity; inclusive of input cost and manufacturing cost savings, and $200 in selling, general and administrative expenses. Total costs are anticipated to be approximately $1.5 billion pre-tax. Cash costs are expected to be approximately 60% of that amount, primarily related to workforce reductions and other program costs. Expected non-cash charges are primarily related to incremental depreciation and asset write-offs, including losses associated with the expected exit of certain markets. For the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, total 2024 Transformation Initiative charges were $351 pre-tax ($295 after-tax) and $457 pre-tax ($339 after-tax), respectively. Through December 31, 2025, cumulative pre-tax charges for the 2024 Transformation Initiative were $808 ($634 after-tax). Completed Acquisition and Divestiture Activity On July 1, 2024, we completed the sale transaction of our personal protective equipment ("PPE") business for total consideration of $635. Upon closure of the transaction, a pre-tax gain of $566 ($453 after-tax) was recognized in Other (income) and expense, net. This gain is net of transaction costs of $14 that were determined to be directly attributable to the sale transaction. During 2023, we acquired the remaining outstanding ownership interests in Thinx Inc. ("Thinx") for additional purchase consideration of $95. As the purchase of additional ownership in an already controlled subsidiary represents an equity transaction, no gain or loss was recognized in consolidated net income or comprehensive income. On June 1, 2023, we completed the sale transaction of our Neve tissue brand and related consumer and professional tissue assets in Brazil for $212. Upon closure of the transaction, a gain of $74 pre-tax was recognized in Other (income) and expense, net. We incurred divestiture-related costs of $30 pre-tax which were recorded in Cost of products sold and Marketing, research and general expenses, resulting in a net benefit of $44 pre-tax ($26 after-tax). See Item 8, Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional details. 26 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2025 Annual Report Business Environment and Trends Our results of operations have been, and we expect them to continue to be, affected by the following factors and key trends, which may cause our future results of operations to differ from our historical results discussed under Results of Operations. Birth Rate Trends - Sales of our baby and child care products are highly correlated with birth rate trends. In recent years, birth rate declines in key countries, including China, South Korea and the U.S., have pressured category volume growth rates. To help mitigate the effects of birth rate declines, we aim to drive sales growth at or ahead of category growth rates through innovation, premiumization, strong brand building plans and digital marketing investment as part of our growth strategy. Competition - Our products are sold in a highly competitive global marketplace. Our competitors include global, regional and local manufacturers, including private label manufacturers which offer products that are typically sold at lower prices. In particular, we've experienced increased competitive pressures from private label manufacturers in the Baby and Child Care and Family Care categories. Increased purchases of private label products could reduce net sales of our higher-margin products which would negatively impact our profitability. While the global marketplace in which we operate has always been highly competitive, we continue to experience increased concentration and the growing presence of large-format retailers, discounters and e-tailers. This market environment has resulted in increased pressure on pricing and other competitive factors, and we expect these pressures to continue in the coming year. Pricing - Our net sales growth and profitability may be affected as we adjust prices to address market conditions. We adjust our product prices based on a number of variables including demand, the competitive environment, technological improvements, product innovations and changes in our raw material, distribution, energy and other input costs. Price changes may affect net sales, earnings and market share in the near term as the market adjusts to new pricing and other market conditions. Operating Costs - Our operating costs include raw materials, labor, selling, general and administrative expenses, general business taxes, currency impacts, financing costs and tariff-related costs. We manage these costs through cost saving and productivity initiatives, sourcing and hedging programs, and pricing actions. To remain competitive on our operating structure, we continue to work on programs to expand our profitability, including our 2024 Transformation Initiative. While we saw stabilization in input costs in 2025 with tailwinds in fiber, resin and energy, the overall cost basket remains elevated versus pre-pandemic levels. Additionally, we incurred approximately $100 of incremental tariff-related costs, primarily within our North America segment, related to changes in U.S. trade policy during fiscal 2025. In 2026, we expect net input costs, including as a result of tariffs, to be broadly in line with fiscal 2025, including the impact from currency on our non-U.S. operations. Evolving Consumer Product and Shopping Preferences - The retail landscape in many of our markets continues to evolve due to the rapid growth of e-commerce retailers, changing consumer preferences (as consumers increasingly shop online) and the increased presence of alternative retail channels, such as subscription services and direct-to-consumer businesses. Changing consumer preferences also include increased concerns in regard to post-consumer waste and packaging materials and their impact on environmental sustainability. If we experience lower sales due to changes in consumer demand for our products, our earnings could decrease. We believe our Powering Care strategy, sharpened growth focus, sustainability initiatives, innovation pipeline and continued investment in e-commerce capabilities - underpinned by our commitment to delivering Better Care for a Better World - make us well positioned relative to these changing external dynamics. Volatility of Global Markets - Our growth strategy depends in part on our ability to expand our international operations, including in emerging markets. Some of these markets have greater political, economic and currency volatility and greater vulnerability to infrastructure and labor disruptions. Volatility in these markets affects our production costs and the demand for our products and may impact our supply chain and distribution networks. Volatility in global consumer demand, commodity costs and foreign currency exchange rates increased significantly over the past few years and is expected to continue in the near term. 27 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2025 Annual Report Climate Change - We operate in many regions around the world where our businesses could be disrupted by climate change. Our climate change risk categories include risks related to the transition to a lower-carbon economy ( Transition Risks ) and risks related to the physical impacts of climate change ( Physical Risks ). Transition Risks include increased costs of carbon emission, increased cost to produce products in compliance with future regulations, increased raw materials cost, shifts in customer/consumer values and other legal, regulatory and technological risks. P hysical Risks include the risk of direct damage to assets or supply chain disruption caused by severe weather events such as floods, storms, wildfires and droughts. We continue to progress toward our 2030 Sustainability Goals which include elements that aim for reductions in greenhouse gas emissions, use of natural forest fibers, use of plastics and use of water in water-stressed regions. War in Ukraine - Consistent with the humanitarian nature of our products, we manufacture and sell only essential items in Russia, such as baby diapers and feminine pads, which are critical to the health and hygiene of women, girls and babies. Beginning in March 2022, we significantly adjusted our business in Russia, substantially curtailing media, advertising and promotional activity and suspending capital investments, other than certain maintenance investments, in our sole manufacturing facility in Russia. Our Russia business has represented approximately 1% to 2% of our net global sales, operating profit and total assets. Our ability to continue our operations in Russia may change as the situation evolves. We have experienced high input costs, supply chain complexities, reduced consumer demand, restricted access to raw materials and production assets, and restricted access to financial institutions, as well as supply chain, professional services, monetary, currency, trade and payment/investment sanctions and related controls. As the business, geopolitical and regulatory environment concerning Russia evolves, we may not be able to sustain the limited manufacture and sale of our products, and our assets may be partially or fully impaired. Results of Operations Consolidated Results The following discussion and analysis compares our consolidated results of operations and other information for 2025 to 2024. Summary of Results Year Ended December 31 2025 2024 % Change Net Sales $ 16,447 $ 16,805 (2.1) % Gross Profit 5,923 6,289 (5.8) % Operating Profit 2,351 2,700 (12.9) % Provision for income taxes (599) (442) 35.5 % Income from Continuing Operations 1,649 2,192 (24.8) % Income from Discontinued Operations, Net of Income Taxes 400 386 3.6 % Net Income Attributable to Kimberly-Clark Corporation 2,021 2,545 (20.6) % Diluted Earnings per Share from Continuing Operations 4.86 6.41 (24.2) % Diluted Earnings per Share from Discontinued Operations 1.21 1.14 6.1 % Adjusted Results - Continuing Operations Year Ended December 31 2025 2024 % Change Adjusted Gross Profit (a) $ 6,136 $ 6,433 (4.6) % Adjusted Operating Profit (a) 2,731 2,727 0.1 % Adjusted Earnings per Share (a) 6.12 6.16 (0.6) % Adjusted Effective Tax Rate (a) 22.8 % 22.7 % 0.1 % (a) Adjusted amounts are Non-GAAP financial measures. See "Summary of Non-GAAP Financial Measures" below for reconciliations of our GAAP to Non-GAAP measures. 28 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2025 Annual Report Net Sales: Drivers of the changes in net sales were: Percent Change in Net Sales Volume Mix/Other Net Price Divestitures and Business Exits (c) Currency Translation Total (a) Organic (b) 2025 versus 2024 2.5 0.1 (0.9) (2.9) (0.9) (2.1) 1.7 (a) Total may not sum across due to rounding. (b) Represents the change in net sales excluding the impacts of currency translation and divestitures and business exits. Organic Sales Growth is a non-GAAP financial measure. See "Summary of Non-GAAP Financial Measures" below for reconciliations of our GAAP to non-GAAP measures. (c) Impact of the sale of the PPE business, the exit of the Company's private label diaper business in the United States, and other exited businesses and markets in conjunction with the 2024 Transformation Initiative. Net sales of $16.4 billion declined 2.1%, primarily from divestitures and business exits and unfavorable currency impacts, partially offset by organic sales growth. Organic sales increased 1.7% driven by volume gains of 2.5%, partially offset by lower pricing. Gross and Operating Profits Gross profit of $5.9 billion decreased 5.8%, while gross margin of 36.0% decreased 140 basis points. Gross margin in the current and prior year included approximately 130 basis points and 85 basis points, respectively, for charges related to the 2024 Transformation Initiative, primarily for incremental depreciation expense, workforce reductions and asset write-offs. Excluding these charges, adjusted gross margin was 37.3%, a decrease of 100 basis points primarily due to unfavorable pricing net of cost inflation, including tariff impacts, and supply chain related investments, partially offset by gross productivity savings from integrated margin management of approximately $460. Operating profit of $2.4 billion decreased 12.9%, inclusive of charges of $348 related to the 2024 Transformation Initiative and $32 related to the Kenvue Acquisition. Results in the prior year included a $565 gain from the sale of our PPE business, offset by charges of $456 related to the 2024 Transformation Initiative and $136 from the impairment of intangible assets and litigation and regulatory matters associated with a previously exited business. Excluding these items, adjusted operating profit was $2.7 billion, in line with the prior year. Drivers of the changes in adjusted operating profit were: Percent Change in Adjusted Operating Profit Volume Net Price Input Costs Other Manufacturing Costs (a) Currency Translation Other (b) Total (c) 2025 versus 2024 1.2 (5.8) (7.2) 3.6 (0.6) 8.9 0.1 (a) Includes net impact of productivity initiatives, product and supply chain investments and other changes in cost of products sold. (b) Includes impact of changes in product mix, marketing, research and general expenses and other (income) and expense, net. (c) Adjusted Operating Profit is a non-GAAP financial measure. See "Summary of Non-GAAP Financial Measures" below for reconciliations of our GAAP to non-GAAP measures. Adjusted operating profit was in line with the prior year as lower adjusted gross profit discussed above, coupled with a 380 basis point impact from divestitures and business exits was offset by lower marketing, research and general expenses. Income from Continuing Operations Income from Continuing Operations of $1.6 billion decreased 24.8%, reflective of the operating profit drivers discussed above, coupled with lower income from equity companies and a higher effective tax rate. Our share of net income of equity companies was $196 compared to $216 in the prior year. The decrease was primarily driven by Kimberly-Clark de Mexico, S.A.B. de C.V., due to unfavorable currency effects and higher input costs, partially offset by pricing, productivity savings and lower general and administrative expenses. 29 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2025 Annual Report The effective tax rate was 29.2% compared to 18.3% in the prior year. The increase was primarily due to incremental tax charges relating to a valuation allowance on current and prior year U.S. foreign tax credits due to provisions within the One Big Beautiful Bill Act ("OBBBA"), coupled with tax benefits recognized in the prior year for the release of an uncertain tax position reserve related to the impairment for certain Softex intangible assets. The adjusted effective tax rate was 22.8%, in line with the prior year. Diluted earnings per share of $4.86 decreased 24.2% reflective of the decrease in Income from Continuing Operations discussed above, partially offset by lower weighted average shares outstanding. Adjusted earnings per share of $6.12 were in line with the prior year. Income from Discontinued Operations, Net of Income Taxes Income from discontinued operations, net of income taxes of $400 increased 3.6% primarily due to gross productivity savings and a reduction in depreciation and amortization expense of $70, partially offset by pre-tax separation costs of $77. Segment Results The following presents the results of the Company s reportable segments and compares our segment net sales, operating profit and other information for 2025 to 2024. Drivers of the changes in segment net sales and operating profit were: Percent Change in Segment Net Sales Volume Mix/Other Net Price Divestitures and Business Exits (c) Currency Translation Total (a) Organic (b) NA 2.6 (0.5) (0.4) (3.9) (0.2) (2.4) 1.8 IPC 2.3 1.3 (2.0) (0.2) (2.3) (0.9) 1.7 Percent Change in Segment Operating Profit Volume Net Price Input Costs Other Manufacturing Costs (d) Currency Translation Other (e) Total NA 0.3 (1.7) (3.4) 0.4 (0.2) 5.0 0.4 IPC 4.7 (13.7) (13.1) 12.2 (1.4) 7.7 (3.6) (a) Total may not sum across due to rounding. (b) Represents the change in net sales excluding the impacts of currency translation and divestitures and business exits. Organic Sales Growth is a non-GAAP financial measure. See "Summary of Non-GAAP Financial Measures" below for reconciliations of our GAAP to non-GAAP measures. (c) Impact of the sale of the PPE business, the exit of the Company's private label diaper business in the United States, and other exited businesses and markets in conjunction with the 2024 Transformation Initiative. (d) Includes net impact of productivity initiatives, product and supply chain investments and other changes in cost of products sold. (e) Includes impact of changes in product mix, marketing, research and general expenses and other (income) and expense, net. North America Year Ended December 31 2025 2024 % Change Net Sales $ 10,753 $ 11,017 (2.4) % Operating Profit 2,553 2,542 0.4 % Net sales of $10.8 billion decreased 2.4%, as the exit of the private label diaper business in the US was partially offset by organic sales growth. Organic sales increased 1.8% primarily from volume gains of 2.6%, with all categories growing volume, partially offset by lower pricing and mix. Operating profit of $2.6 billion was broadly in line with the prior year, as impacts from divestitures and business exits (approximately 330 basis points), unfavorable pricing net of cost inflation and supply chain related investments were offset by gross productivity savings and lower marketing, research and general expenses. 30 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2025 Annual Report International Personal Care Year Ended December 31 2025 2024 % Change Net Sales $ 5,694 $ 5,743 (0.9) % Operating Profit 796 826 (3.6) % Net sales of $5.7 billion decreased 0.9% as unfavorable currency impacts of 2.3% were partially offset by a 1.7% increase in organic sales. Organic sales benefited from volume and mix gains of 2.3% and 1.3%, respectively, driven by China, Indonesia, Australia and South Korea, partially offset by lower pricing. Operating profit of $796 decreased 3.6% primarily due to unfavorable pricing net of cost inflation, supply chain related investments and currency impacts, partially offset by gross productivity savings, lower marketing, research and general expenses and volume and mix gains. Liquidity and Capital Resources As detailed in Item 8, Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows are presented on a consolidated basis for both continuing operations and discontinued operations. As a result, unless specifically stated, the following discussion reflects Kimberly-Clark's consolidated results for all periods presented. Cash Provided by Operations Cash provided by operations for the year ended December 31, 2025 was $2.8 billion compared to $3.2 billion in the prior year. The decrease was driven by lower operating profit and timing impacts to working capital, including incremental restructuring and IFP Transaction separation cost payments of approximately $110. Obligations The following table presents our total contractual obligations for which cash flows are fixed or determinable. Total 2026 2027 2028 2029 2030 2031+ Long-term debt $ 6,896 $ 413 $ 608 $ 704 $ 706 $ 745 $ 3,720 Interest payments on long-term debt 2,499 240 236 216 183 158 1,466 Operating lease liabilities 438 146 116 69 42 27 38 Unconditional purchase obligations 3,863 956 415 411 346 348 1,387 Open purchase orders 3,061 2,625 322 76 33 4 1 Total contractual obligations $ 16,757 $ 4,380 $ 1,697 $ 1,476 $ 1,310 $ 1,282 $ 6,612 The unconditional purchase obligations are for the purchase of raw materials, primarily superabsorbent materials, pulp and utilities. Although we are primarily liable for payments on the above operating leases and unconditional purchase obligations, based on historic operating performance and forecasted future cash flows, we believe exposure to losses, if any, under these arrangements is not material. The open purchase orders displayed in the table represent amounts for goods and services we have negotiated for delivery. The table does not include amounts where payments are discretionary or the timing is uncertain. The following payments are not included in the table: We will fund our defined benefit pension plans to meet or exceed statutory requirements and currently expect to contribute approximately $15 to these plans in 2026. Other postretirement benefit payments are estimated using actuarial assumptions, including expected future service, to project the future obligations. Based upon those projections, we anticipate making annual payments for these obligations of approximately $45 through 2035. Accrued income tax liabilities for uncertain tax positions, deferred taxes and noncontrolling interests. 31 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2025 Annual Report Investing Cash used for investing for the year ended December 31, 2025 was $951 compared to $100 in the prior year. This change is largely due to proceeds from asset and business dispositions of $651 in the prior year, primarily from the sale of our PPE business, and increased capital spending ($1.1 billion compared to $721 in the prior year). We expect capital spending to be approximately $1.3 billion in 2026, including incremental spending from the 2024 Transformation Initiative. Financing Cash used for financing for the year ended December 31, 2025 was $2.2 billion compared to $3.2 billion in the prior year. This decrease was primarily due to decreased share repurchases, coupled with an increase in our short term debt for U.S. commercial paper. During the current year, we repurchased 1.1 million shares of our common stock at a cost of $141 through a broker in the open market, and paid $1.7 billion in dividends. We issue long-term debt in the public market periodically. Proceeds from the offerings are used for general corporate purposes, including repayment of maturing debt or outstanding commercial paper indebtedness. See Item 8, Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for details. Our short-term debt, which consists of U.S. commercial paper with original maturities up to 90 days and/or other similar short-term debt issued by non-U.S. subsidiaries, was $282 as of December 31, 2025 (included in debt payable within one year on the Consolidated Balance Sheets). The average month-end balance of short-term debt in the current year was $323. These short-term borrowings provide supplemental funding to support our operations, with the level of short-term debt generally fluctuating depending upon the amount of operating cash flows and the timing of customer receipts and payments for items such as pension contributions, dividends and income taxes. As a result of the pending Kenvue acquisition, in November 2025, the Company and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (the "Bank") executed a certain bridge loan facility commitment letter, pursuant to which the Bank has committed to provide bridge financing (the "Bridge Facility") in an amount of $7.7 billion to the Company to fund the Cash Consideration, the fees, costs and expenses incurred in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement and to repay certain existing indebtedness of Kenvue and/or its subsidiaries. In December 2025, $3.8 billion of the commitments in the Bridge Facility were terminated in connection with entry into the New Revolving Credit Facility and DDTL Credit Facility (as defined below). In December 2025, we entered into (i) the Five-Year Revolving Credit Agreement by and among Kimberly-Clark, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (the "Bank") and the other lenders party thereto (the New Revolving Credit Facility ) and (ii) the Delayed Draw Term Loan Credit Agreement by and among Kimberly-Clark, the Bank, and the other lenders party thereto (the DDTL Credit Facility ). The New Revolving Credit Facility matures in December 2030 and provides for a revolving credit facility of up to $4.0 billion (which may be increased by up to $1.0 billion upon obtaining additional commitments from the then-existing or new lenders and the satisfaction of certain other conditions). Concurrently with the closing of the New Revolving Credit Facility and the DDTL Credit Facility, we terminated the commitments outstanding under our previous $750 revolving credit facility, originally set to mature in May 2026 and reduced the commitments outstanding under our existing $2.0 billion revolving credit facility, which matures in June 2028, to $1.0 billion. See Item 8, Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further details. As of December 31, 2025, total debt from continuing operations was $7.2 billion compared to $7.4 billion as of December 31, 2024. On July 4, 2025, the One Big Beautiful Bill Act ( OBBBA ) was enacted in the U.S. The OBBBA includes significant provisions, such as the permanent extension of certain expiring provisions of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, modifications to the international tax framework and the restoration of favorable tax treatment for certain business provisions. The legislation has multiple effective dates, with certain provisions effective in 2025 and others implemented through 2027. We are expecting favorable cash tax impacts in the near and medium term as a result of the OBBBA. During the year ended December 31, 2025, provisions within the OBBBA increased the Noncurrent deferred tax liability by approximately $220 primarily due to the valuation allowance on current and prior year U.S. 32 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2025 Annual Report foreign tax credits and changes providing for the immediate deduction of previously capitalized research and development expenditures. In October 2021, members of the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development/G20 Inclusive Framework on Base Erosion and Profit Shifting Project ( Inclusive Framework ) agreed to a two-pillar solution to reform the international tax framework to realign international taxation with economic activities and value creation. Inclusive Framework members agreed to a coordinated system of Global anti-Base Erosion rules, referred to as Pillar 2, that are designed to ensure large multinational enterprises pay a minimum 15% level of tax on the income arising in each jurisdiction in which they operate. Many countries have formally implemented Pillar 2, and several other countries have draft legislation to implement this framework. The implementation of Pillar 2 has not had a material impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements. We will continue to monitor and evaluate new legislation and guidance, which could change our current assessment. We believe that our ability to generate cash from operations and our capacity to issue short-term and long-term debt are adequate to fund working capital, obligations related to our 2024 Transformation Initiative, capital spending, pension contributions, share repurchases, dividends and other needs for the foreseeable future. Further, we do not expect restrictions or taxes on repatriation of cash held outside of the U.S. to have a material effect on our overall business, liquidity, financial condition or results of operations for the foreseeable future. Critical Accounting Estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. requires management to make significant estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of net sales and expenses during the reporting period. The critical accounting estimates we used in the preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements are those that are important both to the presentation of our financial condition and results of operations and require significant judgments by management with regard to estimates used. The critical judgments by management relate to accruals for sales incentives and trade promotion allowances, pension and other postretirement benefits, deferred income taxes and potential income tax assessments, and goodwill and other intangible assets. These critical accounting estimates have been reviewed with the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. Sales Incentives and Trade Promotion Allowances Trade promotion programs include introductory marketing funds such as slotting fees, cooperative marketing programs, temporary price reductions and other activities conducted by our customers to promote our products. Rebate and promotion accruals are based on estimates of the quantity of customer sales. Promotion accruals also consider estimates of the number of consumer coupons that will be redeemed and timing and costs of activities within the promotional programs. Generally, the estimated redemption value of consumer coupons and related expense are based on historical patterns of coupon redemption, influenced by judgments about current market conditions such as competitive activity in specific product categories, and the cost is recorded when the related revenue from customers is realized. Our related accounting policies are discussed in Item 8, Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Employee Postretirement Benefits Substantially all regular employees in the U.S. and the United Kingdom are covered by defined contribution retirement plans and certain U.S. and United Kingdom employees previously earned benefits covered by defined benefit pension plans that currently provide no future service benefit (the "Principal Plans"). Certain other subsidiaries have defined benefit pension plans or, in certain countries, termination pay plans covering substantially all regular employees. Our related accounting policies and account balances are discussed in Item 8, Note 9 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Changes in certain assumptions could affect pension expense and the benefit obligations, particularly the estimated long-term rate of return on plan assets and the discount rate used to calculate the obligations: Long-term rate of return on plan assets . The expected long-term rate of return is evaluated on an annual basis. In setting these assumptions, we consider a number of factors including projected future returns by 33 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2025 Annual Report asset class relative to the target asset allocation. Actual asset allocations are regularly reviewed and they are periodically rebalanced to the targeted allocations when considered appropriate. As of December 31, 2025, the Principal Plans had cumulative unrecognized investment and actuarial losses of approximately $1.0 billion. These unrecognized net losses may increase future pension expense if not offset by (i) actual investment returns that exceed the assumed investment returns, (ii) other factors, including reduced pension liabilities arising from higher discount rates used to calculate pension obligations, or (iii) other actuarial gains, and whether such accumulated actuarial losses at each measurement date exceed the "corridor" as required . If the expected long-term rate of return on assets for the Principal Plans were lowered by 0.25%, the impact on annual pension expense would not be material in 2026 . Discount rate . The discount (or settlement) rate used to determine the present value of our future U.S. pension obligation as of December 31, 2025 was based on a portfolio of high quality corporate debt securities with cash flows that largely match the expected benefit payments of the plan. For the United Kingdom plan, the discount rate was determined based on yield curves constructed from a portfolio of high quality corporate debt securities. Each year's expected future benefit payments were discounted to their present value at the appropriate yield curve rate to determine the pension obligations. If the discount rate assumptions for these same plans were reduced by 0.25%, the increase in annual pension expense would not be material in 2026, and the December 31, 2025 pension liability would increase by about $50. Other assumptions . There are a number of other assumptions involved in the calculation of pension expense and benefit obligations, primarily related to participant demographics and benefit elections. Pension expense for defined benefit pension plans is estimated to approximate $45 in 2026. Pension expense beyond 2026 will depend on future investment p erformance, our contributions to the pension trusts, changes in discount rates and various other factors related to the covered participants in the plans. Substantially all U.S. retirees and employees have access to our unfunded health care and life insurance benefit plans. Changes in significant assumptions could affect the consolidated expense and benefit obligations, particularly the discount rate used to calculate the obligations and the health care cost trend rate: Discount rate . The determination of the discount rates used to calculate the benefit obligations of the plans is discussed in the pension ben efit section above, and the methodology for each country is the same as the methodology used to determine the discount rate for that country's pension obligation. If the discount rate assumptions for these plans were reduced by 0.25%, the impact to 2026 other postretirement benefit expense and the increase in the December 31, 2025 benefit liability would not be material. Health care cost trend rate . The health care cost trend rate is based on a combination of inputs including our recent claims history and insights from external advisers regarding recent developments in the health care marketplace, as well as projections of future trends in the marketplace. Deferred Income Taxes and Potential Assessments As a global organization, we are subject to income tax requirements in various jurisdictions in the U.S. and internationally. Changes in certain assumptions related to income taxes could significantly affect consolidated results, particularly with regard to valuation allowances on deferred tax assets, undistributed earnings of subsidiaries outside the U.S. and uncertain tax positions. Our income tax related accounting policies, account balances and matters affecting income taxes are discussed in Item 8, Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Deferred tax assets and related valuation allowances . We have recorded deferred tax assets related to, among other matters, income tax loss carryforwards, income tax credit carryforwards and capital loss carryforwards and have established valuation allowances against these deferred tax assets. These carryforwards are primarily in non-U.S. taxing jurisdictions and in certain states in the U.S. Foreign tax credits earned in the U.S. in current and prior years, which cannot be used currently, also give rise to net deferred tax assets. In determining the valuation allowances to establish against these deferred tax assets, many factors are considered, including the specific taxing jurisdiction, the carryforward period, income tax strategies and forecasted earnings for the entities in each jurisdiction. A valuation allowance is recognized 34 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2025 Annual Report if, based on the weight of available evidence, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax asset will not be realized. Undistributed earnings . Deferred taxes have been recorded on $1.2 billion of earnings of foreign consolidated subsidiaries expected to be repatriated. We do not intend to distribute any remaining foreign earnings and therefore have not recorded deferred taxes for foreign and U.S. income taxes on such earnings. We consider any excess of the amount for financial reporting over the tax basis in our foreign subsidiaries to be indefinitely reinvested. The determination of deferred tax liabilities on the amount of financial reporting over tax basis or the remaining foreign earnings is not practicable. Uncertain tax positions . We record our global tax provision based on the respective tax rules and regulations for the jurisdictions in which we operate. Where we believe that a tax position is supportable for income tax purposes, the item is included in our income tax returns. Where treatment of a position is uncertain, a liability is recorded based upon the expected most likely outcome taking into consideration the technical merits of the position based on specific tax regulations and facts of each matter. These liabilities may be affected by changing interpretations of laws, rulings by tax authorities or the expiration of the statute of limitations. Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets Goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets are not subject to amortization and are tested for impairment annually and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that impairment may have occurred. Intangible assets that are deemed to have finite lives are amortized over their useful lives, generally ranging from 4 to 20 years. We typically obtain the assistance of third-party valuation specialists to measure the acquisition date fair values of goodwill and other intangible assets acquired. Events and conditions that could result in impairment include a sustained drop in the market price of our common shares, increased competition or loss of market share, obsolescence, product claims that result in a significant loss of sales or profitability over the product life, deterioration in macroeconomic conditions, or declining financial performance in comparison to projected results. Goodwill In our evaluation of goodwill impairment, we have the option to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of each reporting unit is more than its carrying value. Qualitative factors include macroeconomic, industry and competitive conditions, legal and regulatory environments, historical and projected financial performance, significant changes in the reporting unit and the magnitude of excess fair value over carrying amount from the previous quantitative impairment testing. If the qualitative assessment determines that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, then a quantitative impairment test to estimate fair value must be performed. When a quantitative test is considered necessary, estimates of fair value for goodwill impairment testing are determined based on a discounted cash flow model and a market-based approach. We use inputs from our long-range planning process to determine growth rates for sales and earnings. The other key estimates and factors used in the discounted cash flow model include, but are not limited to, discount rates, actual business trends experienced, commodity prices, foreign exchange rates, inflation and terminal growth rates. We completed our required annual assessment of goodwill for impairment for all our reporting units using a qualitative assessment as of the first day of the third quarter of the year ended December 31, 2025, concluding that it was more likely than not that the fair value of each reporting unit significantly exceeded the respective carrying amounts. Other Intangible Assets We evaluate the useful lives of our other intangible assets, primarily brands, to determine if they are finite or indefinite-lived. Reaching a determination on useful life requires significant judgments and assumptions regarding the future effects of obsolescence, demand, competition, other economic factors (such as the stability of the industry, known technological advances and expected changes in distribution channels), the level of required maintenance expenditures, and the expected lives of other related groups of assets. 35 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2025 Annual Report Our estimate of the fair value of our brand assets is based on a discounted cash flow model and a market-based approach using inputs which include projected revenues from our long-range plan, assumed royalty rates that could be payable if we did not own the brands, and a discount rate. The cash flows used in the discounted cash flow model are consistent with those we use in our internal planning, which gives consideration to actual business trends experienced and the long-term business strategy. We performed our 2025 impairment assessment of our intangible assets as of the first day of the third quarter using a qualitative assessment, concluding that no impairment indicators were found to be present. New Accounting Standards See Item 8, Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a description of recent accounting standards and their anticipated effects on our Consolidated Financial Statements. Forward Looking Statements Certain matters contained in this report concerning our plans and expectations regarding the pending Kenvue Acquisition, as defined in Item 8, Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements (referred to below and within Item 1A, "Risk Factors" as the "pending mergers" or the "mergers") and the pending IFP Transaction, as defined in Item 8, Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, the business outlook, including raw material, energy and other input costs, the anticipated charges and savings from the 2024 Transformation Initiative, cash flow and uses of cash, growth initiatives, innovations, marketing and other spending, net sales, anticipated currency rates and exchange risks, including the impact in Argentina and T rkiye, effective tax rate, contingencies and anticipated transactions of Kimberly-Clark, including dividends, share repurchases and pension contributions, constitute "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and are based upon management's expectations and beliefs concerning future events impacting Kimberly-Clark. There can be no assurance that these future events will occur as anticipated or that our results will be as estimated. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they were made, and we undertake no obligation to publicly update them. The assumptions used as a basis for the forward-looking statements include many estimates that, among other things, depend on the successful completion of the mergers and the achievement of future cost savings and projected volume increases. In addition, many factors outside our control, including risks and uncertainties around the pending mergers (including the risk that the anticipated benefits and synergies of the mergers may not be realized when expected or at all, the terms and scope of the expected financing in connection with the mergers may prove to be less favorable than currently expected, that the mergers may not be completed in a timely matter or at all and the risk of litigation related to the mergers), the pending IFP Transaction (including risks related to delays or failure to complete the proposed transaction, the incurrence of significant transaction and separation costs, adverse market reactions, regulatory or legal challenges, and operational disruptions), risks that we are not able to realize the anticipated benefits of the 2024 Transformation Initiative (including risks related to disruptions to our business or operations or related to any delays in implementation), war in Ukraine (including the related responses of consumers, customers, and suppliers and sanctions issued by the U.S., the European Union, Russia or other countries), government trade or similar regulatory actions (including current and potential trade and tariff actions affecting the countries where we operate and the resulting negative impacts on our supply chain, commodity costs, and consumer spending), pandemics, epidemics, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, the prices and availability of our raw materials, supply chain disruptions, disruptions in the capital and credit markets, counterparty defaults (including customers, suppliers and financial institutions with which we do business), failure to realize the expected benefits or synergies from our acquisition and disposition activity, impairment of goodwill and intangible assets and our projections of operating results and other factors that may affect our impairment testing, changes in customer preferences, severe weather conditions, regional instabilities and hostilities, potential competitive pressures on selling prices for our products, energy costs, general economic and political conditions globally and in the markets in which we do business, as well as our ability to maintain key customer relationships, could affect the realization of these estimates. The factors described under Item 1A, "Risk Factors" in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, or in our other SEC filings, among others, could cause our future results to differ from those expressed in any forward-looking statements made 36 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2025 Annual Report by us or on our behalf. Other factors not presently known to us or that we presently consider immaterial could also affect our business operations and financial results. SUMMARY OF NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES The following provides the reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures provided in this report to the most closely related GAAP measure. These measures include: Organic Sales Growth, Adjusted Gross Profit, Adjusted Operating Profit, Adjusted Earnings per Share, and Adjusted Effective Tax Rate. All discussions regarding non-GAAP financial measures reflect results from our continuing operations for all periods presented. Organic Sales Growth is defined as the change in Net Sales, as determined in accordance with U.S. GAAP, excluding the impacts of currency translation and divestitures and business exits. Adjusted Gross and Operating Profit, Adjusted Earnings per Share, and Adjusted Effective Tax Rate are defined as Gross Profit, Operating Profit, Diluted Earnings per Share, and Effective Tax Rate, respectively, as determined in accordance with U.S. GAAP, excluding the impacts of certain items that management believes do not reflect our underlying operations, and which are discussed in further detail below. The income tax effect of these non-GAAP items on the Company's Adjusted Earnings per Share is calculated based upon the tax laws and statutory income tax rates applicable in the tax jurisdiction(s) of the underlying non-GAAP adjustment. The impact of these non-GAAP items on the Company s effective tax rate represents the difference in the effective tax rate calculated with and without the non-GAAP adjustment on Income from Continuing Operations Before Income Taxes and Equity Interests and Provision for income taxes. We use these non-GAAP financial measures to assist in comparing our performance on a consistent basis for purposes of business decision making by removing the impact of certain items that we do not believe reflect our underlying and ongoing operations. We believe that presenting these non-GAAP financial measures is useful to investors because it (i) provides investors with meaningful supplemental information regarding financial performance by excluding certain items, (ii) permits investors to view performance using the same tools that management uses to budget, make operating and strategic decisions, and evaluate historical performance, and (iii) otherwise provides supplemental information that may be useful to investors in evaluating our results. We believe that the presentation of these non-GAAP financial measures, when considered together with the corresponding U.S. GAAP financial measures and the reconciliation to those measures, provides investors with additional understanding of the factors and trends affecting our business than could be obtained absent these disclosures. These non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the comparable GAAP measures, and they should be read only in conjunction with our Consolidated Financial Statements prepared in accordance with GAAP. There are limitations to these non-GAAP financial measures because they are not prepared in accordance with GAAP and may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies due to potential differences in methods of calculation and items being excluded. We compensate for these limitations by using these non-GAAP financial measures as a supplement to the GAAP measures and by providing reconciliations of the non-GAAP and comparable GAAP financial measures. The non-GAAP financial measures exclude the following items for the relevant time periods: 2024 Transformation Initiative - We initiated this transformation to create a more agile and focused operating structure that will accelerate our proprietary pipeline of innovation in right-to-win spaces and improve our growth trajectory, profitability, and returns on investment. See Item 8, Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for details. Kenvue Acquisition - Acquisition-related costs incurred in connection with the pending Kenvue Acquisition, primarily related to external advisory, legal, accounting, and other related costs. See Item 8, Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for details. U.S. Tax Reform Related Matters (OBBBA) - In 2025, we recognized a valuation allowance on prior year U.S. foreign tax credits as a result of provisions within the OBBBA that impact our ability to use the credits. 37 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2025 Annual Report IFP Repatriated Earnings In connection with the IFP Transaction, we recognized a deferred tax liability for certain permanently reinvested earnings from the IFP Business that are expected to be repatriated prior to the close of the transaction. Sale of PPE Business - In 2024, we recognized a gain related to the sale of our PPE business. See Item 8, Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for details. Impairment of Intangible Assets - In 2024, we recognized charges related to the impairment of certain intangible assets related to Softex and Thinx. See Item 8, Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for details. Legal Expense - In 2024, we incurred certain costs related to litigation and regulatory matters for a previously exited business. Softex Tax Reserve Release - In 2024, we released a reserve for an uncertain tax position related to the prior year impairment of certain Softex intangible assets. The following table provides a reconciliation of Organic Sales Growth from continuing operations: Year Ended December 31, 2025 Percent change vs. the prior year period NA IPC Total Net Sales Growth (2.4) (0.9) (2.1) Currency Translation 0.2 2.3 0.9 Divestitures and Business Exits 4.0 0.3 2.9 Organic Sales Growth (a) 1.8 1.7 1.7 (a) Table may not foot due to rounding. The following table provides a reconciliation of Adjusted Gross Profit from continuing operations: Year Ended December 31 2025 2024 Gross Profit $ 5,923 $ 6,289 2024 Transformation Initiative 213 144 Adjusted Gross Profit $ 6,136 $ 6,433 The following table provides a reconciliation of Adjusted Operating Profit from continuing operations: Year Ended December 31 2025 2024 Operating Profit $ 2,351 $ 2,700 2024 Transformation Initiative 348 456 Kenvue Acquisition 32 Sale of PPE Business (565) Impairment of Intangible Assets 97 Legal Expense 39 Adjusted Operating Profit $ 2,731 $ 2,727 38 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2025 Annual Report The following table provides a reconciliation of Adjusted Earnings per Share from continuing operations: Year Ended December 31 2025 2024 Diluted Earnings per Share $ 4.86 $ 6.41 2024 Transformation Initiative 0.86 1.01 Kenvue Acquisition 0.07 OBBBA 0.29 IFP Repatriated Earnings 0.04 Sale of PPE Business (1.34) Impairment of Intangible Assets 0.17 Legal Expense 0.11 Softex Tax Reserve Release (0.20) Adjusted Earnings per Share (a) $ 6.12 $ 6.16 (a) The non-GAAP adjustments included above are presented net of tax. The income tax effect of these non-GAAP items is calculated based upon the tax laws and statutory income tax rates applicable in the tax jurisdiction(s) of the underlying non-GAAP adjustment. Refer to the Adjusted Effective Tax Rate reconciliation below for the tax effect of these adjustments on the Company's reported Provision for income taxes. The following table provides a reconciliation of the continuing operations Adjusted Effective Tax Rate: Year Ended December 31 2025 2024 Income From Continuing Operations Before Income Taxes and Equity Interests Provision for Income Taxes Income From Continuing Operations Before Income Taxes and Equity Interests Provision for Income Taxes As Reported $ 2,052 $ (599) $ 2,418 $ (442) 2024 Transformation Initiative 351 (56) 457 (118) Kenvue Acquisition 32 (8) OBBBA 96 IFP Repatriated Earnings 13 Sale of PPE Business (565) 112 Impairment of Intangible Assets 97 (40) Legal Expense 39 (1) Softex Tax Reserve Release (67) As Adjusted $ 2,435 $ (554) $ 2,446 $ (556) Effective Tax Rate: As Reported 29.2 % 18.3 % As Adjusted 22.8 % 22.7 % 39 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2025 Annual Report ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK As a multinational enterprise, we are exposed to risks such as changes in foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates and commodity prices. A variety of practices are employed to manage these risks, including operating and financing activities and, where deemed appropriate, the use of derivative instruments. Derivative instruments are used only for risk management purposes and not for speculation, and are primarily entered into with major financial institutions. Our credit exposure under these arrangements is limited to agreements with a positive fair value at the reporting date. Credit risk with respect to the counterparties is actively monitored but is not considered significant since these transactions are executed with a diversified group of financial institutions. Presented below is a description of our risks (foreign currency risk and interest rate risk) together with a sensitivity analysis, performed annually, of each of these risks based on selected changes in market rates and prices. These analyses reflect management's view of changes which are reasonably possible to occur over a one-year period. Also included is a description of our commodity price risk. Foreign Currency Risk A portion of our foreign currency risk is managed through the systematic use of foreign currency forward contracts. The use of these instruments supports the management of transactional exposures to exchange rate fluctuations as the gains or losses incurred on the derivative instruments will offset, in whole or in part, gains or losses on the underlying foreign currency exposure. We also utilize cross-currency swaps and foreign denominated debt to hedge certain investments in foreign subsidiaries. The gain or loss on these instruments is recognized in other comprehensive income to offset the change in value of the net investments being hedged. Foreign currency contracts and transactional exposures are sensitive to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. An annual test is performed to quantify the effects that possible changes in foreign currency exchange rates would have on annual operating profit based on our foreign currency contracts and transactional exposures at the current year-end. The balance sheet effect is calculated by multiplying each affiliate's net monetary asset or liability position by a 10% change in the foreign currency exchange rate versus the U.S. dollar. As of December 31, 2025, a 10% unfavorable change in the exchange rate of the U.S. dollar against the prevailing market rates of foreign currencies involving balance sheet transactional exposures would not be material to our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. This hypothetical loss on transactional exposures is based on the difference between the December 31, 2025 rates and the assumed rates. Our operations in Argentina ("K-C Argentina") are reported using highly inflationary accounting and their functional currency is the U.S. dollar. Changes in the value of an Argentine peso versus the U.S. dollar applied to our net peso monetary position are recorded in Other (income) and expense, net at the time of the change. As of December 31, 2025, K-C Argentina had an immaterial net peso monetary position and a 10% unfavorable change in the exchange rate would not be material. As of April 1, 2022, we adopted highly inflationary accounting for our operations in T rkiye ( K-C T rkiye ), and their functional currency is also the U.S. dollar. Changes in the value of a Turkish lira versus the U.S. dollar applied to our net lira monetary position are recorded in Other (income) and expense, net at the time of the change. As of December 31, 2025, K-C T rkiye had an immaterial net lira monetary position and a 10% unfavorable change in the exchange rate would not be material. The translation of the balance sheets of non-U.S. operations from local currencies into U.S. dollars is also sensitive to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Consequently, an annual test is performed to determine if changes in currency exchange rates would have a significant effect on the translation of the balance sheets of non-U.S. operations into U.S. dollars. These translation gains or losses are recorded as unrealized translation adjustments ("UTA") within stockholders' equity. The hypothetical change in UTA is calculated by multiplying the net assets of these non-U.S. operations by a 10% change in the currency exchange rates. As of December 31, 2025, a 10% unfavorable change in the exchange rate of the U.S. dollar against the prevailing market rates of our foreign currency translation exposures would have reduced stockholders' equity by approximately $600. In the view of 40 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2025 Annual Report management, the above potential UTA adjustments resulting from these assumed changes in foreign currency exchange rates are not material to our consolidated financial position because they would not affect our cash flow. Interest Rate Risk Interest rate risk is managed through the maintenance of a portfolio of variable and fixed-rate debt composed of short and long-term instruments. The objective is to maintain a cost-effective mix that management deems appropriate. As of December 31, 2025, the long-term debt portfolio was comprised of primarily fixed-rate debt. From time to time, we also hedge the anticipated issuance of fixed-rate debt and those contracts are designated as ca sh flow hedges. As of December 31, 2025, a 1 percentage point increase in the applicable interest rates of our variable-rate debt would not materially impact the amount of interest expense recognized for the year ended December 31, 2025. Commodity Price Risk We are subject to commodity price risk, the most significant of which relates to the price of pulp and petroleum-based materials. Selling prices of products are influenced, in part, by the market price for these pulp and petroleum-based materials. As previously discussed under Item 1A, "Risk Factors," increases in pulp or petroleum-based material prices could adversely affect earnings if selling prices are not adjusted or if such adjustments significantly trail the increases in commodity prices. In some instances, we use contracts of varying durations along with strategic pricing mechanisms to manage volatility for a portion of our commodity costs. Our energy, manufacturing and transportation costs are affected by various market factors including the availability of supplies of particular forms of energy, energy prices and local and national regulatory decisions. As previously discussed under Item 1A, "Risk Factors," there can be no assurance we will be fully protected against substantial changes in the price or availability of energy sources. In addition, we are subject to price risk for utilities and manufacturing inputs, used in our manufacturing operations. Derivative instruments are used in accordance with our risk management policy to hedge a portion of the price risk. 41 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2025 Annual Report ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME Year Ended December 31 (In millions, except per share amounts) 2025 2024 2023 Net Sales $ 16,447 $ 16,805 $ 17,146 Cost of products sold 10,524 10,516 10,877 Gross Profit 5,923 6,289 6,269 Marketing, research and general expenses 3,528 3,930 3,615 Impairment of intangible assets 97 658 Other (income) and expense, net 44 ( 438 ) 68 Operating Profit 2,351 2,700 1,928 Nonoperating expense ( 67 ) ( 60 ) ( 95 ) Interest income 24 48 66 Interest expense ( 256 ) ( 270 ) ( 293 ) Income from Continuing Operations Before Income Taxes and Equity Interests 2,052 2,418 1,606 Provision for income taxes ( 599 ) ( 442 ) ( 343 ) Income from Continuing Operations Before Equity Interests 1,453 1,976 1,263 Share of net income of equity companies 196 216 196 Income from Continuing Operations 1,649 2,192 1,459 Income from Discontinued Operations, Net of Income Taxes 400 386 305 Net Income 2,049 2,578 1,764 Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests ( 28 ) ( 33 ) Net Income Attributable to Kimberly-Clark Corporation $ 2,021 $ 2,545 $ 1,764 Per Share Basis Net Income Attributable to Kimberly-Clark Corporation Basic: Continuing operations $ 4.88 $ 6.43 $ 4.32 Discontinued operations 1.21 1.15 0.90 Basic Earnings per Share $ 6.09 $ 7.58 $ 5.22 Diluted: Continuing operations $ 4.86 $ 6.41 $ 4.31 Discontinued operations 1.21 1.14 0.90 Diluted Earnings per Share $ 6.07 $ 7.55 $ 5.21 See Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 42 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2025 Annual Report KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME Year Ended December 31 (In millions) 2025 2024 2023 Net Income $ 2,049 $ 2,578 $ 1,764 Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net of Tax Unrealized currency translation adjustments 398 ( 408 ) 89 Employee postretirement benefits 16 24 ( 15 ) Cash flow hedges ( 92 ) 188 12 Total Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net of Tax 322 ( 196 ) 86 Comprehensive Income 2,371 2,382 1,850 Comprehensive (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests ( 28 ) ( 21 ) 1 Comprehensive Income Attributable to Kimberly-Clark Corporation $ 2,343 $ 2,361 $ 1,851 See Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 43 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2025 Annual Report KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS December 31 (In millions, except par value) 2025 2024 ASSETS Current Assets Cash and cash equivalents $ 688 $ 1,010 Accounts receivable, net 1,892 1,728 Inventories 1,475 1,452 Other current assets 535 694 Current assets of discontinued operations 720 696 Total Current Assets 5,310 5,580 Property, Plant and Equipment, Net 6,775 6,284 Investments in Equity Companies 330 314 Goodwill 1,839 1,796 Other Intangible Assets, Net 77 80 Other Assets 1,062 984 Non-current Assets of Discontinued Operations 1,705 1,508 TOTAL ASSETS $ 17,098 $ 16,546 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY Current Liabilities Debt payable within one year $ 694 $ 564 Trade accounts payable 3,388 3,264 Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 1,888 2,091 Dividends payable 415 402 Current liabilities of discontinued operations 740 683 Total Current Liabilities 7,125 7,004 Long-Term Debt 6,474 6,854 Non-current Employee Benefits 605 628 Deferred Income Taxes 445 300 Other Liabilities 646 609 Non-current Liabilities of Discontinued Operations 151 139 Redeemable Preferred Securities of Subsidiaries 22 37 Stockholders' Equity Kimberly-Clark Corporation Preferred stock - no par value - authorized 20.0 million shares, none issued Common stock - $ 1.25 par value - authorized 1,200.0 million shares; issue d 378.6 million shares as of December 31, 2025 and 2024 473 473 Additional paid-in capital 849 862 Common stock held in treasury, at cost - 46.7 and 46.8 million shares as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively ( 5,987 ) ( 5,986 ) Retained earnings 9,611 9,257 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ( 3,444 ) ( 3,766 ) Total Kimberly-Clark Corporation Stockholders' Equity 1,502 840 Noncontrolling Interests 128 135 Total Stockholders' Equity 1,630 975 TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY $ 17,098 $ 16,546 See Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 44 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2025 Annual Report KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (In millions, except per share amounts. Shares in thousands) Common Stock Issued Additional Paid-in Capital Treasury Stock Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Non- controlling Interests Total Stockholders' Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance as of December 31, 2022 378,597 $ 473 $ 679 41,135 $ ( 5,137 ) $ 8,201 $ ( 3,669 ) $ 153 $ 700 Net income in stockholders' equity (a) 1,764 37 1,801 Other comprehensive income, net of tax (a) 87 ( 3 ) 84 Stock-based awards exercised or vested ( 70 ) ( 1,327 ) 140 70 Repurchases of common stock 1,791 ( 225 ) ( 225 ) Recognition of stock-based compensation 165 165 Dividends declared ($ 4.72 per share) ( 1,594 ) ( 35 ) ( 1,629 ) Other 104 ( 3 ) 1 102 Balance as of December 31, 2023 378,597 473 878 41,599 ( 5,222 ) 8,368 ( 3,582 ) 153 1,068 Net income in stockholders' equity (a) 2,545 31 2,576 Other comprehensive income, net of tax (a) ( 184 ) ( 12 ) ( 196 ) Stock-based awards exercised or vested ( 155 ) ( 2,027 ) 235 80 Repurchases of common stock 7,226 ( 1,000 ) ( 1,000 ) Recognition of stock-based compensation 128 128 Dividends declared ($ 4.88 per share) ( 1,636 ) ( 35 ) ( 1,671 ) Other 11 1 ( 20 ) ( 2 ) ( 10 ) Balance as of December 31, 2024 378,597 473 862 46,798 ( 5,986 ) 9,257 ( 3,766 ) 135 975 Net income in stockholders' equity (a) 2,021 25 2,046 Other comprehensive income, net of tax (a) 322 322 Stock-based awards exercised or vested ( 161 ) ( 1,154 ) 147 ( 14 ) Repurchases of common stock 1,055 ( 141 ) ( 141 ) Recognition of stock-based compensation 135 135 Dividends declared ($ 5.04 per share) ( 1,673 ) ( 32 ) ( 1,705 ) Other 13 ( 7 ) 6 12 Balance as of December 31, 2025 378,597 $ 473 $ 849 46,699 $ ( 5,987 ) $ 9,611 $ ( 3,444 ) $ 128 $ 1,630 (a) Excludes redeemable interests' share. See Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 45 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2025 Annual Report KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS Year Ended December 31 (In millions) 2025 2024 2023 Operating Activities Net income $ 2,049 $ 2,578 $ 1,764 Depreciation and amortization 805 781 753 Asset impairments 18 114 676 Stock-based compensation 140 131 169 Deferred income taxes 241 ( 38 ) ( 322 ) Net (gains) losses on asset and business dispositions 39 ( 448 ) ( 75 ) Equity companies' earnings (in excess of) less than dividends paid ( 35 ) ( 62 ) ( 59 ) Operating working capital ( 503 ) 178 582 Postretirement benefits 15 3 24 Other 8 ( 3 ) 30 Cash Provided by Operations 2,777 3,234 3,542 Investing Activities Capital spending ( 1,138 ) ( 721 ) ( 766 ) Proceeds from asset and business dispositions 33 651 245 Investments in time deposits ( 447 ) ( 605 ) ( 720 ) Maturities of time deposits 552 562 815 Other 49 13 8 Cash Used for Investing ( 951 ) ( 100 ) ( 418 ) Financing Activities Cash dividends paid ( 1,660 ) ( 1,628 ) ( 1,588 ) Change in short-term debt 275 1 ( 371 ) Debt proceeds 363 Debt repayments ( 550 ) ( 554 ) ( 475 ) Proceeds from exercise of stock options 40 136 97 Repurchases of common stock ( 141 ) ( 1,000 ) ( 225 ) Cash paid for redemption of common securities of Thinx ( 95 ) Cash dividends paid to noncontrolling interests ( 32 ) ( 35 ) ( 35 ) Other ( 111 ) ( 86 ) ( 45 ) Cash Used for Financing ( 2,179 ) ( 3,166 ) ( 2,374 ) Effect of Exchange Rate Changes on Cash and Cash Equivalents 33 ( 40 ) ( 84 ) Change in Cash and Cash Equivalents ( 320 ) ( 72 ) 666 Cash and cash equivalents from continuing operations - beginning of period 1,010 1,075 413 Cash and cash equivalents from discontinued operations - beginning of period (a) 11 18 14 Cash and Cash Equivalents - Beginning of Year 1,021 1,093 427 Cash and cash equivalents from continuing operations - end of period 688 1,010 1,075 Cash and cash equivalents from discontinued operations - end of period (a) 13 11 18 Cash and Cash Equivalents - End of Year $ 701 $ 1,021 $ 1,093 (a) Included in Current assets of discontinued operations. See Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 46 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2025 Annual Report KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Note 1. Accounting Policies Basis of Presentation The Consolidated Financial Statements present the accounts of Kimberly-Clark Corporation and all subsidiaries in which it has a controlling financial interest as if they were a single economic entity in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("GAAP"). All intercompany transactions and accounts are eliminated in consolidation. The terms "Corporation," "Company," "Kimberly-Clark," "we," "our," and "us" refer to Kimberly-Clark Corporation and all subsidiaries in which it has a controlling financial interest. Amounts are reported in millions of dollars, except per share amounts, unless otherwise noted. International Family Care and Professional ("IFP") Transaction On June 5, 2025, we announced that the Company will form a joint venture with Suzano S.A. ("Suzano") and Suzano International Holding B.V., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Suzano ("Buyer"), comprised of substantially all the operations of the Company's former International Family Care and Professional ("IFP") segment (the "IFP Business"). To facilitate this transaction, we entered into an Equity and Asset Purchase Agreement (the "Purchase Agreement") with Buyer, pursuant to which we will, among other things, effectuate a reorganization through the transfer of certain assets, liabilities and equity interests of the IFP Business to Kimberly-Clark IFP NewCo B.V., an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (the "Joint Venture"). At the time of closing, which is expected to take place in mid-2026 and will only take place following the satisfaction of consultation requirements and customary closing conditions, including obtaining required regulatory approvals, Buyer will acquire a 51 % interest in the Joint Venture for a purchase price of approximately $ 1.7 billion, subject to certain closing adjustments set forth in the Purchase Agreement, and we will retain a 49 % equity interest (the "IFP Transaction"). In accordance with ASC 205, Presentation of Financial Statements , we determined the IFP Transaction represents a strategic shift that will have a major effect on our operations and financial results. Accordingly, the results of the IFP Business are reported as discontinued operations in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Income and have been excluded from both continuing operations and segment results for all periods presented. Further, the assets and liabilities of the IFP Business are classified as discontinued operations in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets for all periods presented, and the Company has ceased depreciating and amortizing the long-lived assets of the IFP Business. The Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, Stockholders' Equity and Cash Flows are presented on a consolidated basis for both continuing operations and discontinued operations. Unless otherwise noted, amounts and disclosures in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements reflect only Kimberly-Clark's continuing operations. See Note 3 for additional details. Use of Estimates The preparation of financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of net sales and expenses during the reporting periods. Actual results could differ from these estimates, and changes in these estimates are recorded when known. Estimates are used in accounting for, among other things, sales incentives and trade promotion allowances, employee postretirement benefits, deferred income taxes and potential assessments, and valuation of goodwill and intangible assets. Cash Equivalents Cash equivalents are short-term investments with an original maturity date of three months or less. Inventories and Distribution Costs Most U.S. inventories are valued at the lower of cost, using the Last-In, First-Out ("LIFO") method, or market. The balance of the U.S. inventories and inventories of consolidated operations outside the U.S. are valued at the lower of cost or net realizable value using either the First-In, First-Out ("FIFO") or weighted-average cost methods. Net realizable value is the estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal, and transportation. Distribution costs are classified as cost of products sold. 47 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2025 Annual Report Property and Depreciation Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost and are depreciated on the straight-line method. Buildings are depreciated over their estimated useful lives, primarily 40 years. Machinery and equipment are depreciated over their estimated useful lives, primarily ranging from 16 to 20 years. Purchases of computer software, including external costs and certain internal costs (including payroll and payroll-related costs of employees) directly associated with developing significant computer software applications for internal use, are capitalized. Computer software costs are amortized on the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of the software, which generally does not exceed 5 years. Estimated useful lives are periodically reviewed and, when warranted, changes are made to them. Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying amount may not be recoverable. An impairment loss would be indicated when estimated undiscounted future cash flows from the use and eventual disposition of an asset group, which are identifiable and largely independent of the cash flows of other asset groups, are less than the carrying amount of the asset group. Measurement of an impairment loss would be based on the excess of the carrying amount of the asset group over its fair value. Fair value is measured using discounted cash flows or independent appraisals, as appropriate. When property is sold or retired, the cost of the property and the related accumulated depreciation are removed from the Consolidated Balance Sheets and any gain or loss on the transaction is included in income. Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets Goodwill represents costs in excess of fair values assigned to the underlying net assets of acquired businesses. Goodwill is not amortized, but rather is assessed for impairment annually on the first day of our third fiscal quarter and whenever events and circumstances indicate that impairment may have occurred. Impairment testing compares the reporting unit carrying amount, including goodwill, with its fair value. If the reporting unit carrying amount, including goodwill, exceeds its fair value, a goodwill impairment charge for the excess amount above fair value would be recorded. In our evaluation of goodwill impairment, we have the option to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of each reporting unit is more than its carrying value. Qualitative factors include macroeconomic, industry and competitive conditions, legal and regulatory environments, historical and projected financial performance, significant changes in the reporting unit and the magnitude of excess fair value over carrying amount from the previous quantitative impairment testing. If the qualitative assessment determines that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, then a quantitative impairment test to estimate fair value must be performed. This quantitative estimate of fair value is based on a discounted cash flow model and a market-based approach. We use inputs from our long-range planning process to determine growth rates for sales and earnings. The other key estimates and factors used in the discounted cash flow model include, but are not limited to, discount rates, actual business trends experienced, commodity prices, foreign exchange rates, inflation and terminal growth rates. Indefinite-lived intangible assets, other than goodwill, consist of certain brand names related to our acquisition of Softex Indonesia and are tested for impairment annually at the same time as our goodwill impairment assessment and whenever events and circumstances indicate that impairment may have occurred. Our estimate of the fair value of our brand assets is based on a discounted cash flow model and a market-based approach using in puts which include projected revenues from our long-range plan, assumed royalty rates that could be payable if we did not own the brands, and a discount rate. Intangible assets with finite lives are amortized over their estimated useful lives, generally ranging from 4 to 20 years, and are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying amount may not be recoverable. An impairment loss would be indicated when estimated undiscounted future cash flows from the use of the asset are less than its carrying amount. An impairment loss would be measured as the difference between the fair value (based on discounted future cash flows) and the carrying amount of the asset. 48 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2025 Annual Report Investments in Equity Companies Investments in companies which we do not control but over which we have the ability to exercise significant influence are accounted for under the equity method of accounting and are stated at cost plus equity in undistributed net income. These investments are evaluated for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the investments might not be recoverable. An impairment loss would be recorded whenever a decline in value of an equity investment below its carrying amount is determined to be other than temporary. In judging "other than temporary," we would consider the length of time and extent to which the fair value of the equity company investment has been less than the carrying amount, the near-term and longer-term operating and financial prospects of the equity company, and our longer-term intent of retaining the investment in the equity company. Revenue Recognition Sales revenue is recognized at the time of product shipment or delivery, depending on when control passes, to unaffiliated customers, and when all of the following have occurred: a firm sales agreement is in place, pricing is fixed or determinable, and collection is reasonably assured. Sales are reported net of returns, consumer and trade promotions, rebates and freight allowed. Taxes imposed by governmental authorities on our revenue-producing activities with customers, such as sales taxes and value-added taxes, are excluded from net sales. Sales Incentives and Trade Promotion Allowances The cost of promotion activities provided to customers is classified as a reduction in sales revenue. In addition, the estimated redemption value of consumer coupons and related expense are recorded when the related revenue from customers is realized. Rebate and promotion accruals are based on estimates of the quantity of customer sales. Promotion accruals also consider estimates of the number of consumer coupons that will be redeemed and timing and costs of activities within the promotional programs. Advertising Expense Advertising costs are expensed in the year the related advertisement or campaign is first presented through traditional or digital media. For interim reporting purposes, advertising expenses are charged to operations as a percentage of sales based on estimated sales and related advertising expense for the full year. Research Expense Research and development costs are charged to expense as incurred. Other Income and Expense, Net Other (income) and expense, net primarily includes gains and losses associated with business divestitures and acquisitions, re-measurement adjustments for financial statements in highly inflationary economies and other transactional exchange gains and losses. Foreign Currency Translation The income statements of foreign operations, other than those in highly inflationary economies, are translated into U.S. dollars at rates of exchange in effect each month. The balance sheets of these operations are translated at period-end exchange rates, and the differences from historical exchange rates are reflected in stockholders' equity as unrealized translation adjustments. GAAP requires the use of highly inflationary accounting for countries whose cumulative three-year inflation exceeds 100%. Under highly inflationary accounting, the countries' functional currency becomes the U.S. dollar, and its income statement and balance sheet are measured in U.S. dollars using both current and historical rates of exchange. As of July 1, 2018, we adopted highly inflationary accounting for our subsidiaries in Argentina ( K-C Argentina ). The effect of changes in exchange rates on peso-denominated monetary assets and liabilities has been reflected in earnings in Other (income) and expense, net. As of December 31, 2025, K-C Argentina had an immaterial net peso monetary position. Net sales of K-C Argentina were approximately 1 % of our net sales in 2025, 2024 and 2023 . 49 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2025 Annual Report As of April 1, 2022, we adopted highly inflationary accounting for our subsidiary in T rkiye ( K-C T rkiye ). The effect of changes in exchange rates on lira-denominated monetary assets and liabilities has been reflected in earnings in Other (income) and expense, net. As of December 31, 2025, K-C T rkiye had an immaterial net lira monetary position. Net sales of K-C T rkiye were less than 1 % of our net sales in 2025, 2024, and 2023. Derivative Instruments and Hedging Our policies allow the use of derivatives for risk management purposes and prohibit their use for speculation. Our policies also prohibit the use of any leveraged derivative instrument. Our derivative instruments are primarily entered into with a diversified group of major financial institutions, which limits our credit exposure under these arrangements. At inception, we formally designate certain derivatives as cash flow, fair value or net investment hedges and establish how the effectiveness of these hedges will be assessed and measured. This process links the derivatives to the transactions or financial balances they are hedging. Changes in the fair value of derivatives not designated as hedging instruments are recorded in earnings as they occur. All derivative instruments are recorded as assets or liabilities on the balance sheet at fair value. Changes in the fair value of derivatives are either recorded in the income statement or other comprehensive income, as appropriate. The gain or loss on derivatives designated as fair value hedges and the offsetting loss or gain on the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk are included in income in the period that changes in fair value occur. The gain or loss on derivatives designated as cash flow hedges is included in other comprehensive income in the period that changes in fair value occur, and is reclassified to income in the same period that the hedged item affects income. The gain or loss on derivatives designated as hedges of investments in foreign subsidiaries is recognized in other comprehensive income to offset the change in value of the net investments being hedged. Certain foreign-currency and commodity derivative instruments, not designated as hedging instruments, have been entered into to manage certain non-functional currency denominated monetary assets and liabilities, as well as changes in prices of certain commodities, respectively. The gain or loss on these derivatives is included in income in the period that changes in their fair values occur. Cash flows from derivatives are classified within the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows in the same category as the items being hedged. Cash flows from derivatives are classified within Operating Activities, except for derivatives designated as net investment hedges which are classified in Investing Activities. See Note 13 for disclosures about derivative instruments and hedging activities. Leases Lease assets and lease liabilities are recognized at the commencement of an arrangement where it is determined at inception that a lease exists. Lease assets represent the right to use an underlying asset for the lease term, and lease liabilities represent the obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. These assets and liabilities are initially recognized based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term calculated using our incremental borrowing rate generally applicable to the location of the lease asset, unless the implicit rate is readily determinable. Lease assets also include any upfront lease payments made and exclude lease incentives. Lease terms include options to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain that those options will be exercised. Variable lease payments are generally expensed as incurred and include certain index-based changes in rent, certain nonlease components, such as maintenance and other services provided by the lessor, and other charges included in the lease. Leases with an initial term of 12 months or less are not recorded on the balance sheet, and the expense for these short-term leases and for operating leases is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Certain lease agreements with lease and nonlease components are combined as a single lease component. The depreciable life of lease assets and leasehold improvements is limited by the expected lease term, unless there is a transfer of title or purchase option reasonably certain of exercise. Accounting Standards - Adopted as of December 31, 2025 In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU No. 2023-09, Income Taxes (Topic 740) . The new guidance is intended to enhance the transparency and decision usefulness of annual income tax disclosures. The amendments in this ASU are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024. Early adoption is permitted, and the amendments should be applied on a prospective basis with retrospective application permitted. We adopted this 50 KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION - 2025 Annual Report ASU in the fourth quarter of 2025 and added certain disclosures in Note 14, Income Taxes. The disclosures were applied retrospectively and impacted all prior periods presented. As the guidance requires only additional disclosure, there were no effects of this standard on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. In May 2025, the FASB issued ASU No. 2025-03, Business Combinations (Topic 805) and Consolidation (Topic 810) to clarify the guidance regarding the identification of the accounting acquirer in a business combination in which the legal acquiree is a variable interest entity. The amendments in this ASU are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2026, and interim periods within those annual periods. Early adoption is permitted, and the amendments should be applied on a prospective basis. We adopted this ASU in the fourth quarter of 2025 and there was no impact to our Consolidated Financial Statements. Accounting Standards Issued - Not Adopted as of December 31, 2025 In November 2024, the FASB issued ASU No. 2024-03, Income St