=== SLB_2026-02-26.htm.gz ===
SLB N.V. (SLB LIMITED) - DEF 14A false 0000087347 DEF 14A SLB LIMITED/NV 0000087347 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000087347 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0000087347 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0000087347 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0000087347 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0000087347 1 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000087347 ecd:PeoMember ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000087347 ecd:PeoMember ecd:EqtyAwrdsAdjsExclgValRprtdInSummryCompstnTblMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000087347 ecd:PeoMember ecd:AggtChngPnsnValInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000087347 ecd:PeoMember ecd:AggtPnsnAdjsSvcCstMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000087347 ecd:PeoMember ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000087347 ecd:PeoMember ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000087347 ecd:PeoMember ecd:VstngDtFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdAndVstdInCvrdYrMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000087347 ecd:NonPeoNeoMember ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000087347 ecd:NonPeoNeoMember ecd:EqtyAwrdsAdjsExclgValRprtdInSummryCompstnTblMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000087347 ecd:NonPeoNeoMember ecd:AggtChngPnsnValInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000087347 ecd:NonPeoNeoMember ecd:AggtPnsnAdjsSvcCstMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000087347 ecd:NonPeoNeoMember ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000087347 ecd:NonPeoNeoMember ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000087347 ecd:NonPeoNeoMember ecd:VstngDtFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdAndVstdInCvrdYrMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000087347 2 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000087347 3 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000087347 4 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000087347 5 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 iso4217:USD xbrli:shares iso4217:USD xbrli:shares xbrli:pure slb:Decimal UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, DC 20549 SCHEDULE 14A INFORMATION PROXY STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 14(A) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 (Amendment No. ___) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14A-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material under 240.14a-12 SLB N.V. (SLB LIMITED) (Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check all boxes that apply): No fee required Fee paid previously with preliminary materials Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11 For 100 years, SLB has been at the forefront of energy innovation; solving problems considered impossible. That heritage of breakthrough thinking remains our competitive edge today and continues to guide our future strategy. A Message from the Board of Directors February 26, 2026 Dear SLB Shareholder, In 2025, SLB leveraged the resilience of its portfolio and the strength of its strategic execution to deliver strong operational results and significant capital returns, despite a challenging backdrop for the industry. At the same time, we continued to advance our strategy with a growing emphasis on production and recovery, AI-driven digital transformation, and the expansion of our Data Center Solutions business. Strategic Evolution and Performance A defining milestone of 2025 was the acquisition of ChampionX Corporation (ChampionX) . This transaction further strengthens SLB s production and recovery capabilities, enabling us to deliver even greater value to customers while also providing more stability against future industry cycles. Since closing in July 2025, the business has already contributed $1.5 billion in revenue with accretive margins, and we remain focused on capturing further synergies and extending ChampionX capabilities into additional international markets. SLB s 2025 performance was driven by: Production Systems: Including ChampionX, revenue increased 12% year-over-year supported by increased demand for production chemicals and artificial lift, alongside the execution of the OneSubsea backlog, which recorded approximately $4 billion in new subsea bookings. Digital: Annual recurring revenue surpassed $1 billion, supported by significant uptake in Digital Operations as well as steady growth in Platforms Applications. Data Center Solutions: Revenue grew 121% year on year as we continue to strengthen strategic partnerships with hyperscalers to deliver modular data center manufacturing solutions. Creating Value for Shareholders SLB has consistently proven that the unique strengths of our portfolio enable the company to generate significant cash flow across varied market conditions. In 2025, we generated $4.11 billion in free cash flow and returned $4.02 billion to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases, a 23% increase over the prior year. In January 2026, SLB announced a dividend raise for the fifth consecutive year, representing a 136% cumulative increase in its quarterly payout since early 2022. Aligned with our clear priority to create value for investors, we are committed to returning more than $4 billion to shareholders in 2026. Celebrating 100 Years of SLB 2026 marks a key milestone in our history as we celebrate 100 years of SLB. As we have demonstrated throughout this history, it is the combination of exceptional people and pioneering technology that drives performance for the industry. We are confident that by working as one team with a sharp focus on innovation and operational performance, we will continue to deliver industry-leading results as we enter a new century for the company. We thank you for your investment in SLB and for the opportunity to serve you and our Company as directors. Sincerely, Your Board of Directors All references in this proxy statement to SLB, the Company, we, or our are to SLB Limited (SLB N.V.) and its subsidiaries. Website references throughout this document are provided for convenience only, and the content on the referenced websites is not incorporated by reference into this document. This proxy statement includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements other than statements of historical or current facts made in this document are forward-looking. We use words such as anticipates, believes, expects, future, intends, goal, target, ambition, will, and similar expressions to identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements reflect management s current expectations and are inherently uncertain, and actual results or outcomes could differ materially for a variety of reasons. Risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ significantly from management s expectations include, but are not limited to, changing global economic and geopolitical conditions; changes in exploration and production spending by SLB s customers and changes in the level of oil and natural gas exploration and development; the results of operations and financial condition of SLB s customers and suppliers; SLB s inability to achieve its financial and performance targets and other forecasts and expectations; SLB s inability to achieve net-zero carbon emissions goals or interim emissions reduction goals; general economic, geopolitical, and business conditions in key regions of the world; foreign currency risk; inflation; changes in monetary policy by governments; tariffs; pricing pressure; weather and seasonal factors; unfavorable effects of health pandemics; availability and cost of raw materials; operational modifications, delays, or cancellations; challenges in SLB s supply chain; production declines; the extent of future charges; SLB s inability to recognize efficiencies and other intended benefits from its business strategies and initiatives, such as digital or new energy, as well as its cost reduction strategies; changes in government regulations and regulatory requirements, including those related to offshore oil and gas exploration, radioactive sources, explosives, chemicals, and climate-related initiatives; the inability of technology to meet new challenges in exploration; the competitiveness of alternative energy sources or product substitutes; and other risks and uncertainties detailed in SLB s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025 ( 2025 Annual Report ), and other filings that we make with the SEC. If one or more of these or other risks or uncertainties materialize (or the consequences of any such development changes), or should our underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results or outcomes may vary materially from those reflected in our forward-looking statements. Forward-looking and other statements in this proxy statement regarding our environmental, social, governance ( ESG ) and other sustainability plans and goals are not an indication that these statements are necessarily material to investors or required to be disclosed in our filings with the SEC. In addition, historical, current, and forward-looking ESG and sustainability-related statements may be based on standards for measuring progress that are still developing, internal controls and processes that continue to evolve, and assumptions that are subject to change in the future. For definitions of adjusted EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA margin, free cash flow, and free cash flow margin, as well as reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to their most comparable GAAP measures, see Appendix A. Certain data as noted in this proxy statement do not reflect the impact of ChampionX, which was acquired in the third quarter of 2025. Notice of 2026 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders Items of Business 1. Election of nine director nominees. 2. Advisory say-on-pay approval of our executive compensation. 3. Approval of annual financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2025. 4. Ratification of the appointment of our independent auditor, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. 5. Approval of an amendment and restatement of the 2017 SLB Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan. Such other matters as may properly be brought before the meeting. By order of the Board of Directors, Dianne B. Ralston Chief Legal Officer and Secretary February 26, 2026 Wednesday, April 8, 2026 9:00 a.m. Cura ao time Cura ao Marriott Beach Resort John F Kennedy Boulevard, 3, Piscadera Bay Willemstad, Cura ao Record Date February 11, 2026 How to Cast Your Vote Please refer to the enclosed proxy materials or to the information forwarded by your bank, broker, or other nominee to determine which voting methods are available to you. Shareholders with shares registered in their names with SLB s transfer agent may authorize a proxy: By Internet www.proxypush.com/SLB By Telephone (866) 240-5191 By Mail Sign, date, and mail your proxy card If you are a beneficial holder of SLB common stock, you should follow any instructions provided by your bank, broker, or other nominee. See Information About the Meeting in this proxy statement. Proxy Voting Your vote is very important. Whether or not you plan to attend the annual general meeting in person, please sign, date, and promptly return your proxy card by mail, or alternatively please grant a proxy and give voting instructions by telephone or internet, so that you may be represented at the meeting. Voting instructions are provided on your proxy card or on the voting instruction form provided by your broker. Brokers are not permitted to vote on certain proposals and may elect not to vote on any of the proposals unless you provide voting instructions. Voting your shares will help to ensure that your interests are represented at the meeting. Important Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials for the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders to be Held on April 8, 2026 This Notice, the Proxy Statement, the Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials ( Notice of Internet Availability ), and our 2025 Annual Report are each available free of charge at https://investorcenter.slb.com and www.proxydocs.com/SLB . Table of Contents Proxy Summary 6 Voting at the 2026 Annual General Meeting 6 2025 Performance Highlights 7 Our Director Nominees 8 Governance Highlights 8 2025 Executive Compensation Highlights 9 Item 1. Election of Directors 10 Qualifications of Director Nominees 10 Corporate Governance 17 Effective Board Oversight of Risk Management 17 Leadership Structure 19 Corporate Governance Guidelines 19 Code of Conduct 19 Proactive Shareholder Engagement 19 Board Composition and Process for Selecting New Directors 20 Overboarding Policy 21 Comprehensive Director Orientation and Education 21 Rigorous Evaluation Processes 22 Board Committees 22 Meeting Attendance 23 Director Independence 23 Certain Relationships and Related Person Transactions 24 Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 24 Securities Transaction Policy 24 How to Communicate with Our Board 24 Director Compensation 25 Stock Ownership Information 27 ITEM 2. Advisory Approval of Our Executive Compensation 29 Compensation Committee Report 29 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 30 2025 Compensation Decisions and Results 31 Framework for Setting 2025 Executive Compensation 32 Elements of 2025 Total Compensation 34 Other Aspects of Our Executive Compensation Program 44 Executive Compensation Governance 47 Executive Compensation Tables 49 2025 Summary Compensation Table 49 Grants of Plan-Based Awards in 2025 50 Outstanding Equity Awards at Year-End 2025 51 Option Exercises and Stock Vested in 2025 52 Pension Benefits 52 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation 54 Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control 55 CEO Pay Ratio 57 Pay vs. Performance Comparison 58 ITEM 3. Approval of Financial Statements and Dividends 61 ITEM 4. Ratification of Appointment of Independent Auditors for 2026 62 Audit Committee Report 63 ITEM 5. Approval of the Amendment and Restatement of the 2017 SLB Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan 64 Equity Compensation Plan Information 71 Information About the Meeting 72 Appendix A A-1 Appendix B B-1 2026 Proxy Statement 5 Back to Contents Proxy Summary This summary highlights information contained elsewhere in this proxy statement. This summary does not contain all of the information you should consider, and you should carefully review this entire proxy statement and our 2025 Annual Report before voting. Voting at the 2026 Annual General Meeting The 2026 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders (the 2026 AGM ) will be held at: Meeting Date: Wednesday, April 8, 2026 Place: Cura ao Marriott Beach Resort John F Kennedy Boulevard, 3, Piscadera Bay Willemstad, Cura ao Time: 9:00 a.m. Cura ao time Record Date: February 11, 2026 Each shareholder of record at the close of business on February 11, 2026 (the record date ) is entitled to one vote for each share registered in that shareholder s name. If your shares are registered in your name with SLB s transfer agent, you may vote in person at the 2026 AGM, or you may authorize a proxy to vote your shares by one of the following methods: By Internet www.proxypush.com/SLB By Telephone (866) 240-5191 By Mail Sign, date, and mail your proxy card If you are a beneficial owner of SLB common stock which means you held your shares on the record date through a broker, bank, or other nominee you should follow the voting instructions provided by your broker, bank, or nominee. If you plan to attend the 2026 AGM in person, see Information About the Meeting beginning on page 72 for the requirements for admission to the meeting. Whether or not you plan to attend the 2026 AGM in person, please sign, date, and promptly return your proxy card by mail, or alternatively please grant a proxy and give voting instructions by telephone or internet, so that you may be represented at the meeting. Voting Matters Item Our Board s Recommendation Vote Required for Election / Approval Refer to Page 1 Election of nine director nominees to our Board of Directors (the Board ). FOR each nominee Majority of votes cast for nominee 10 2 Advisory say-on-pay approval of our executive compensation. FOR Majority of votes cast 29 3 Approval of our consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2025, our consolidated statement of income for the year ended December 31, 2025, and the declarations of dividends by our Board in 2025. FOR Majority of votes cast 61 4 Ratification of the appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP ( PwC ) as our independent auditor for 2026. FOR Majority of votes cast 62 5 Approval of an amendment and restatement of the SLB Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan. FOR Majority of votes cast 64 This proxy statement is first being made available to our shareholders on or about February 26, 2026. 6 2026 Proxy Statement Back to Contents 2025 Performance Highlights In 2025, SLB leveraged its diversified portfolio to maintain financial resilience despite lower upstream spending while accelerating its long-term strategy. 2025 Financial Performance Highlights $ 35.71 billion $ 4.02 billion revenue returned to shareholders $ 3.37 billion $ 6.49 billion net income attributable to SLB cash flow from operations $ 8.46 billion $ 4.11 billion adjusted EBITDA + free cash flow + For the full year, we delivered strong cash flow performance, generating $6.49 billion of cash flow from operations and $4.11 billion of free cash flow. This marked our third consecutive year of free cash flow at or above $4 billion, providing the liquidity to return $4.02 billion to shareholders, a 23% increase year-over-year. Core: Our Core business was led by a 12% growth in our Production Systems Division, driven by the impact of ChampionX. Production and recovery activity is becoming a strategic priority for our customers to unlock incremental barrels at the lowest cost. This translated into higher demand particularly for intervention services, artificial lift, production chemicals and SLB OneSubsea. Digital: Digital revenue grew 9% in 2025 driven by significant uptake in Digital Operations as well as steady growth in Platforms Applications as customers continued to invest in AI and automated solutions to improve performance and efficiency. Digital annual recurring revenue exceeded $ 1 billion and increased 15% year on year. New Horizons of Growth: Data Center Solutions grew 121% year on year. This business is expanding rapidly as we strengthen strategic partnerships with hyperscalers to deliver modular data center manufacturing solutions. We also continued to scale our strategic investments in New Energy and remain excited about the growth potential of both carbon capture and storage and geothermal. Sustainability and Gender Balance: We continued to make strides on our emissions reduction journey, measurably reducing our Scope 1 and 2 emissions intensity* year on year. Additionally, gender balance continued to improve; at year-end, women represented 25.5%* of our global salaried workforce. As we move into 2026, we believe that the headwinds we experienced in key regions in 2025 are behind us. In particular, we expect rig activity in the Middle East to increase compared to today s level, and our footprint in the region puts us in a strong position to benefit from this recovery. We also expect the positive impacts of ChampionX to continue to accelerate in 2026 as we capture further synergies and extend its leading capabilities into additional international markets. The next century of SLB starts now . + See Appendix A for definitions of adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow, as well as reconciliations to their most comparable GAAP measures. * Excludes the ChampionX acquisition 2026 Proxy Statement 7 Back to Contents Our Director Nominees Peter Coleman Patrick de La Chevardi re Miguel Galuccio Former CEO and Managing Director Woodside Petroleum Former Chief Financial Officer TotalEnergies Chairman and CEO Vista Energy Jim Hackett Olivier Le Peuch Samuel Leupold President Tessellation Services Chief Executive Officer SLB Chief Executive Officer Corio Generation Maria Mor us Hanssen Vanitha Narayanan Jeff Sheets Former Deputy CEO and COO Wintershall Dea Former Chairman and Managing Director IBM India Former EVP and CFO ConocoPhillips Governance Highlights Independent Board Chair No staggered board; all directors are elected annually Fully independent Audit, Compensation, and Nominating and Governance committees Regular executive sessions of non-employee directors Majority votes cast standard for uncontested director elections Annual performance evaluations of Board, its committees, and individual directors 97% average Board attendance in 2025 Women chair 40% of Board committees No director serves on more than two other listed company boards Non-employee director tenure limits of 75 years of age or 10 years of service whichever comes first No hedging or pledging of our stock by SLB executives or directors Robust stock ownership guidelines for SLB executives and directors We do not lobby or offer financial support to politicians or campaigns Proactive shareholder engagement 8 2026 Proxy Statement Back to Contents 2025 Executive Compensation Highlights Our executive compensation programs garnered the support of approximately 94.5% of the votes cast at our 2025 AGM. Consequently, based on this overwhelming support, as well as direct shareholder feedback, our 2025 executive compensation program remained largely consistent with the 2024 design. Below is a summary of key elements of our 2025 program, as further detailed under Compensation Discussion and Analysis (the CD A ) beginning on page 30 of this proxy statement. LTI Program Structure STI Program Structure For 2025, our named executive officers ( NEOs ) continued to receive a mix of long-term incentive ( LTI ) grants, with 75% of their target LTI opportunity awarded in the form of performance share units ( PSUs ), and 25% awarded in the form of three-year, time-based restricted stock units ( RSUs ). As in 2024, payout under the 2025 PSUs will be contingent on achieving rigorous absolute free cash flow margin ( FCF margin ), relative return on capital employed ( ROCE ), and relative total shareholder return ( TSR ) performance goals over a three-year period. We continued to tie 70% of our NEOs target short-term cash incentive ( STI ) opportunity to Company financial goals full-year adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow to ensure that our executives remained focused on profitable, sustainable growth. In addition, we continued to include in our 2025 STI plan an additional 10% quantitative component (at target) focused on reducing SLB s emissions intensity and improving gender balance in our global workforce. Performance-Aligned LTI and STI Payouts Our NEOs LTI award payouts for the 2023-2025 performance period were based on SLB s strong multi-year FCF margin results and above target ROCE performance, offset by below-minimum performance relative TSR results. Our NEOs also earned performance-aligned 2025 STI payouts based on SLB s near-target adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow results and substantially achieved strategic non-financial and personal objectives. Long-Term Equity Incentive Results* Short-Term Cash Incentive Results* Total LTI Award Payout 113% Our NEOs earned total LTI payouts of 113% of target with respect to the three-year LTI awards (including RSUs vested at 100%) that were granted in 2023 and vested in January 2026. Strong FCF Margin PSU Payout Our NEOs earned 228% of the target shares of SLB stock under the three-year FCF margin PSUs, based on SLB s three-year, cumulative FCF margin of 11.7%. Above-Median ROCE Results Our NEOs earned 126% of the target shares of SLB stock under the three-year ROCE PSUs, based on SLB s above-median three-year relative ROCE performance as compared to the comparator group. Zero TSR Payout Our three-year relative TSR percentile rank was below the minimum performance target for the TSR PSUs granted in 2023. As a result, our CEO and other NEOs earned no payout under the TSR component of our PSUs granted in 2023. Average STI Payout 83% Our current NEOs earned an average 2025 cash incentive payout of 83% of target. Adjusted EBITDA SLB s 2025 adjusted EBITDA demonstrated consistent financial performance despite a difficult market environment and resulted in our current NEOs earning 76% of the target payout. Free Cash Flow SLB s 2025 free cash flow highlighted the unique strengths of our portfolio to generate significant cash flow in varied market conditions and resulted in our current NEOs earning 82% of the target payout. Non-Financial Achievements We measurably reduced our Scope 1 and 2 emissions intensity year on year and by year-end 2025 women represented 25.5% of our salaried population, achieving our targets for both metrics. As a result, our NEOs earned 100% of the target payout for the quantitative non-financial component of our STI plan. Additionally, our NEOs earned an average payout of 91% from achieving their strategic personal objectives. * Incentive targets and results were determined without regard to ChampionX, which was acquired in the third quarter of 2025. 2026 Proxy Statement 9 Back to Contents ITEM 1. Election of Directors All of SLB s directors are elected annually at our AGM. The Board recommends that you vote FOR the election of each of our nine director nominees to serve until our 2027 AGM (or until their earlier death, resignation, or removal). Each of our director nominees is currently an SLB director and was previously elected by our shareholders at our 2025 AGM. At the 2026 AGM, shares represented by properly executed proxies and not revoked will be voted in accordance with the instructions indicated on those proxy cards. If you have properly executed your proxy card and you have not given specific voting instructions, your shares will be voted in accordance with our Board s recommendations. Each of the director nominees has consented to stand for election and the Board knows of no reason why any nominee would be unable or unwilling to serve if elected. If any director nominee is unable or unwilling to serve, the Board may decrease the size of the Board or designate a substitute nominee. If the Board designates a substitute nominee, proxies may be voted for that substitute nominee. The Board of Directors recommends a vote FOR each director nominee. Qualifications of Director Nominees Our Board believes our nine director nominees provide a well-rounded set of expertise to assist in effective and independent oversight of SLB management, as reflected in the summary chart on page 11. Moreover, the Nominating and Governance Committee believes all SLB director nominees should have the following personal characteristics and general qualifications: Integrity and honesty Ability to exercise sound, mature, and independent business judgment Recognized leaders in business or professional activity Background and experience that will complement the experience and talents of the other Board members Willingness and availability to actively participate in Board and committee meetings and related activities Ability to work professionally and effectively with other Board members and SLB management Availability to remain on the Board and its committees long enough to make an effective contribution No material relationship with competitors or other third parties that could present realistic possibilities of conflicts of interest or legal issues In addition, a key component to the Board s effective governance is its commitment to provide oversight and perspectives reflecting a diversity of independent views. Our director nominees represent seven nationalities spanning four continents , and two of whom are women who also chair two of our Board s five committees. Our directors have an average age of 64 and have served on our Board for an average of six years. In the judgment of the Board, all director nominees are able to execute their duties as members of the Board and to devote the necessary time and attention to SLB, as required by our Corporate Governance Guidelines. In addition, there are no family relationships among any SLB executive officers and directors. For additional information, see Corporate Governance Board Composition and Process for Selecting New Directors beginning on page 20. 10 2026 Proxy Statement Back to Contents Summary of Director Nominee Skills, Experience, and Characteristics The following chart summarizes key qualifications of our director nominees including knowledge, skills, experiences and other attributes that the Board believes are relevant to their Board and committee service. Each director nominee possesses numerous other skills and experience not identified in the following chart, as further detailed in their biographies below. Substantial Knowledge, Skills and Experience Current or former chief executive officer Energy industry and operations Finance and accounting Science, technology and engineering Energy transition and sustainability Digital innovation Digital transformation Information security Strategy development implementation International business Risk management Economic modeling Health, safety and environmental Mergers and acquisitions Academic relations Government, regulatory public policy Demographics Nationality Argentina Australia France Norway Switzerland United Kingdom United States Racial and Ethnicity Characteristics for U.S. Directors (1) East Asian or South Asian White or Caucasian Declined to Respond Non-U.S. Directors Electing to Self-Identify Racial or Ethnicity Characteristics (1) White or Caucasian Other Demographic Information Gender M M M M M M F F M Age 65 68 57 72 62 55 61 66 68 Other Attributes Independent SLB board chair or committee chair Number of other listed company boards 1 1 1 2 0 0 2 2 2 Tenure (years) 5 7 9 3 7 5 6 5 7 (1) Given SLB s multinational footprint and culture, we endeavor to have a global perspective on diversity and inclusion. This perspective includes respecting local legal requirements regarding the tracking and use of personal data pertaining to under-represented populations. Certain countries have data privacy laws prohibiting the collection or disclosure of race and ethnicity classification data, reflecting historical concerns that such data could be used to foster, rather than eliminate, discrimination. In addition, local definitions of race and ethnicity and related classifications, as well as the definition of under-represented groups, vary from country to country. As a result, U.S.-centric racial and ethnic classifications as used for EEO-1 data collection purposes are applicable only to our three director nominees who are U.S. citizens. For our U.S. director nominees, the above race and ethnicity disclosures are based on classifications commonly used in the United States. For all other director nominees, we asked if they wished to voluntarily disclose their ethnic or racial background and, if so, how they self-identify based on the classifications most relevant to their home countries. We provide self-identifications for non-U.S. director nominees in the chart above. In keeping with international data privacy laws, we have not included racial or ethnic information for director nominees who did not authorize disclosure. 2026 Proxy Statement 11 Back to Contents Our Director Nominees The nominees for election to the Board, together with information regarding each nominee s qualifications, are set forth below. Peter Coleman, Independent Director Former CEO and Managing Director, Woodside Petroleum Director since 2021 Other Current Public Boards PYC Therapeutics Ltd Former Public Director Roles During the Past Five Years Woodside Petroleum Allkem Limited Arcadium Lithium plc SLB Board Committees Compensation Nominating and Governance Energy Innovation and Technology Other Experience and Education MBA, Deakin University Bachelor of Engineering, Monash University Former Chair of the Australia-Korea Foundation PETER COLEMAN is the former Chief Executive Officer, Executive Director and Managing Director of Woodside Petroleum, Australia s largest independent gas producer, having served in that role from 2011 until his retirement in June 2021. Prior to joining Woodside, Mr. Coleman spent 27 years with the ExxonMobil group in a variety of roles, including Vice President Asia Pacific from 2010 to 2011 and Vice President Americas from 2008 to 2010. Since 2012, he has been an adjunct professor of corporate strategy at the University of Western Australia Business School. He has served as chair and member of the audit committee of PYC Therapeutics Ltd, a clinical-stage biotech company focusing on rare genetic diseases, since November 2025. Previously, Mr. Coleman served as chair of Arcadium Lithium plc, a leading global lithium chemicals producer, from January 2024 until its acquisition by Rio Tinto in March 2025. Mr. Coleman also served as a director of Allkem Limited from October 2022 and as chair from November 2022 until its merger with Livent Corp. in January 2024. He has served as chair of H2EX, an Australian hydrogen exploration start-up, since April 2022, as chair of DIRECT Infrastructure, an Australian-based offshore wind developer, since June 2022, and serves as chair of Bia Energy Solutions, an unlisted renewable energy hydrogen company. Reason for Nomination Mr. Coleman brings to the Board decades of experience in the energy industry, including as the former CEO and Managing Director of Australia s largest independent gas producer. The Board benefits from his expertise in strategic planning, as well as his extensive business experience in Australia and Asia regions that are strategically important to SLB s operations. 12 2026 Proxy Statement Back to Contents Patrick de La Chevardi re, Independent Director Former Chief Financial Officer, TotalEnergies Director since 2019 Other Current Public Boards Michelin (Compagnie G n rale des tablissements Michelin SCA) Former Public Director Roles During the Past Five Years None SLB Board Committees Audit, Chair Finance Other Experience and Education Experienced director of several French-based public companies Dipl me d Ing nieur, an engineering degree, cole Centrale de Paris PATRICK DE LA CHEVARDI RE is the former Chief Financial Officer of TotalEnergies, a French multinational integrated oil and gas company. He served as TotalEnergies CFO and as a member of its executive committee from 2008 until his retirement in 2019. Prior to that, he served in a variety of finance and operational roles with TotalEnergies over his 37-year career, including as Deputy Chief Financial Officer from 2003 to 2008, Vice President, Asia for Refining Marketing from 2000 to 2003, and Vice President, Operations and Subsidiaries from 1995 to 2000. Since June 2020, Mr. de La Chevardi re has also served as a member and chairman of the audit committee of the supervisory board of Michelin, a French multinational tire manufacturer. He also previously served on the boards of directors of two other French-based public companies, Sanofi-Aventis and Compagnie G n rale de G ophysique. Reason for Nomination Mr. de La Chevardi re brings to the Board financial and industry experience as a former CFO of a large multinational energy company. The Board benefits from his customer-focused perspective on the oilfield services industry, and from his experience across the entire energy value chain, from exploration, operations, production, trading, and marketing to refining and new energies. Miguel Galuccio, Non-Executive Director Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Vista Energy Director since 2017 Other Current Public Boards Vista Energy Former Public Director Roles During the Past Five Years None SLB Board Committees Finance, Chair Other Experience and Education Bachelor of Science in Petroleum Engineering, Instituto Tecnol gico de Buenos Aires SLB training and expertise Latin America energy policy expertise MIGUEL GALUCCIO founded and is the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Vista Energy, S.A.B. de C.V. (Vista Energy), the first listed independent energy company to operate and produce in the Vaca Muerta formation in Argentina, having held that position since 2017. In 2016, he co-founded GRIDX, a science-based incubation fund that creates and invests in biotech startups in Latin America, where he currently acts as chairman. Prior to that, from 2012 to 2016, he served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of YPF, Argentina s largest energy company. From 1999 to 2012, he was an employee of SLB and held several international positions, his last being President, Schlumberger Production Management. Prior to his employment at SLB, he served in various executive positions at YPF and its subsidiaries from 1994 to 1999, including YPF International. Mr. Galuccio is also a director of Nilus, a start-up company that develops technologies to lower the cost of living for low-income individuals. Reason for Nomination Mr. Galuccio brings to the Board leadership and operational expertise from his experience as former chairman and chief executive officer of Argentina s largest energy company, which under his leadership became the world s largest producer of shale oil outside of North America. He has valuable insight into the domestic and international energy policies of Argentina, Mexico, Venezuela, and Ecuador, and he brings a unique perspective of customer and company operations. He also remains active in the oil and gas exploration and production industry as a chief executive officer of an energy company. 2026 Proxy Statement 13 Back to Contents Jim Hackett, Independent Chair of the SLB Board of Directors President, Tessellation Services Director since 2023 Other Current Public Boards Enterprise Products Holdings Fluor Corporation Former Public Director Roles During the Past Five Years Alta Mesa Resources NOV NuScale Power Corporation SLB Board Committees None Other Experience and Education MBA, Harvard University Business School Master of Theological Studies, Harvard Divinity School Former Chairman of Board of the Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas Former Chairman of National Petroleum Council (US) Board service for multiple public companies in the energy services industry, including NOV, Halliburton, and Cameron International JIM HACKETT has been the president of Tessellation Services, a privately held consulting services firm, since 2013. He was previously the executive chairman of Alta Mesa Resources, an onshore exploration and production company, from 2018 to March 2020, and was a partner and senior advisor at Riverstone Holdings, a private energy investment firm, from 2013 to March 2020. Prior to that, Mr. Hackett served as executive chairman and CEO of Anadarko Petroleum Corporation from 2003 to 2013. Since 2014, he has been a director of Enterprise Products Holdings, where he serves as chair of the governance committee and as a member of the capital projects committee. He has served as lead independent director of Fluor Corporation since January 2025, where he has been a member of the board since 2016, with prior service from 2001 to 2015, and where he serves as chair of the organization and compensation committee and as a member of the executive and commercial strategies and operational risk committees. From December 2021 through January 2025, he served as non-executive chair of NuScale Power Corporation, and from 2016 through April 2023, he served as a director of NOV Inc. He has also been a faculty member at Rice University and The University of Texas at Austin since 2017, and he serves on the board of trustees at Baylor College of Medicine. Reason for Nomination Mr. Hackett brings to the board extensive knowledge of the global energy industry, as the former Chairman and CEO of a global energy production and midstream company, as well as board chair and director service at numerous public companies serving the energy industry, and financial acumen as the former Chairman of the Board of the Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas. The Board benefits from his operational and financial leadership on business strategy as well as his insights into international energy markets. Olivier Le Peuch, SLB Chief Executive Officer Chief Executive Officer, SLB Director since 2019 Other Current Public Boards None Former Public Director Roles During the Past Five Years None SLB Board Committees None Other Experience and Education Master s Degree in Microelectronics, Bordeaux University of Science SLB training and expertise OLIVIER LE PEUCH has been SLB s Chief Executive Officer and a member of the Board since 2019. Prior to that, he served in a variety of global management positions, including as Chief Operating Officer in 2019, Executive Vice President, Reservoir and Infrastructure from 2018 to 2019, President of the Cameron Group from 2017 to 2018, President of SLB Completions from 2014 to 2017, and Vice President of Engineering, Manufacturing, and Sustaining from 2010 to 2014. Earlier in his career, Mr. Le Peuch was GeoMarket Manager for the North Sea and President of Schlumberger Information Solutions. He has been with SLB since 1987 and began his career as an electrical engineer. Reason for Nomination Mr. Le Peuch brings to the Board unparalleled knowledge of SLB s operational activities worldwide and its technology differentiation as a result of his service in various global leadership positions at SLB. The Board believes that Mr. Le Peuch s service as our CEO is an important link between management and the Board, enabling the Board to perform its oversight function with the benefit of his perspectives on SLB s business and operations. 14 2026 Proxy Statement Back to Contents Samuel Leupold, Independent Director Chief Executive Officer, Corio Generation Director since 2021 Other Current Public Boards None Former Public Director Roles During the Past Five Years Enel SpA SLB Board Committees Audit Finance Energy Innovation and Technology Other Experience and Education Master s Degree in Mechanical Engineering, Swiss Federal Institute of Technology (Zurich) MBA, INSEAD (Fontainebleau) Energy transition and sustainability expertise SAMUEL LEUPOLD is the chief executive officer of Corio Generation, a specialist offshore wind business and portfolio company of Macquarie Asset Management, having held that position since January 2025. Mr. Leupold previously served as Corio s chair from the company s launch in April 2022 to January 2025. Prior to joining Corio, Mr. Leupold served as CEO of rsted Wind Power A/S, the principal subsidiary of rsted AS, a Danish renewable energy company, from 2013 to 2018. Since 2019, Mr. Leupold has served as an independent senior advisor supporting international clients in the energy and infrastructure sectors through his consultancy firm, Leupold Advisory. Since January 2024, he has served as a non-executive director of Axpo Holding AG, a Switzerland-based utility, power generator and energy commodity trader, where he serves as chair of the strategy committee. Mr. Leupold previously served as a director of Enel SpA. Reason for Nomination Mr. Leupold brings to the Board operational experience as the current and former CEO of renewable energy companies, as well as significant energy transition experience focused on the relationship between new energy generation and infrastructure capabilities. The Board benefits from his expertise on these issues as SLB seeks to implement our net-zero ambition and our strategy to deploy sustainable technologies to provide access to energy for the benefit of all. Maria Mor us Hanssen, Independent Director Former Deputy CEO and COO, Wintershall Dea Director since 2020 Other Current Public Boards Kosmos Energy Scatec Former Public Director Roles During the Past Five Years Alfa Laval SLB Board Committees Energy Innovation and Technology, Chair Finance Nominating and Governance Other Experience and Education Former CEO of multiple E P companies Master s Degrees in Petroleum Engineering, Norwegian University of Science and Technology, and Petroleum Economics and Management, IFP School Corporate director certificate from Harvard Business School (2021) MARIA MOR US HANSSEN is the former Deputy CEO and Chief Operating Officer of Wintershall Dea, a German-based energy producer, having served in that role in 2019 following the merger between DEA Deutsche Erdoel (DEA) and Wintershall Holding. Prior to that, she served as CEO of DEA and chair of its management board from 2018 to 2019. Before joining DEA, she served as CEO of ENGIE E P International and head of the E P business unit for the ENGIE Group in Paris from 2015 to 2017. Ms. Mor us Hanssen served in various management and operations roles at Aker from 2008 to 2013, Statoil (now Equinor) from 2007 to 2008, and Norsk Hydro from 1992 to 2007. She has served as non-executive chair of Energi since June 2023, as a director of Scatec since April 2020, where she serves on the audit committee, and as a director of Kosmos Energy since May 2023, where she serves on the audit and HSE and sustainability committees. She previously served as deputy chair of Yara International and as a director of Alfa Laval. Reason for Nomination Ms. Mor us Hanssen brings to the Board leadership and operational expertise as the former CEO of several European energy companies. The Board values her insight into the domestic and international energy policies of Norway, Germany, France, and other countries that are strategically important to SLB, as well as her experience addressing risks related to the energy transition. 2026 Proxy Statement 15 Back to Contents Vanitha Narayanan, Independent Director Former Chairman and Managing Director, IBM India Director since 2021 Other Current Public Boards HCL Technologies ReNew Energy Global Former Public Director Roles During the Past Five Years None SLB Board Committees Nominating and Governance, Chair Compensation Energy Innovation and Technology Other Experience and Education MBA, University of Houston First woman chairperson of American Chamber of Commerce in India (AMCHAM India) VANITHA NARAYANAN is the former Chairman and Managing Director of IBM India, a subsidiary of IBM, a multinational information technology corporation. Over her career spanning three decades at IBM, she held senior executive positions with responsibility for digital businesses in the United States, Asia-Pacific, and India regions, including as Chairman of IBM India from 2017 to 2018 and Managing Director from 2013 to 2016. During her tenure, IBM India was one of IBM s fastest-growing markets. Most recently, Ms. Narayanan led a strategic 5G partnership as Managing Director for one of IBM s telecommunications clients from 2018 until her retirement in 2020. Since August 2020, she has served as a director of ReNew Energy Global, one of the largest renewable power companies in India, where she chairs the remuneration committee and serves as a member of the audit and finance committees. She has also been a director of HCL Technologies since July 2021, where she chairs the nomination and remuneration committee. Reason for Nomination Ms. Narayanan brings to the Board a wealth of global leadership and technology experience, particularly in India and other Asian markets. The Board values Ms. Narayanan s digital expertise leading global technology businesses as SLB continues to implement its digital and AI strategies. Jeff Sheets, Independent Director Former EVP and Chief Financial Officer, ConocoPhillips Director since 2019 Other Current Public Boards Chord Energy Westlake Corporation Former Public Director Roles During the Past Five Years Enerplus Corporation SLB Board Committees Compensation, Chair Audit Other Experience and Education MBA, University of Houston Bachelor of Science in Chemical Engineering, Missouri University of Science and Technology JEFF SHEETS is the former EVP and Chief Financial Officer of ConocoPhillips Company, a public international energy company, having served in that role from 2010 until his retirement in 2016. Prior to that, Mr. Sheets served at ConocoPhillips and its predecessor companies for more than 36 years in a variety of finance, engineering, and strategic planning roles. Since May 2024, Mr. Sheets has served on the board of directors of Chord Energy, a U.S. oil producer, where he chairs the audit and reserves committee and is a member of the nominating and governance committee. Mr. Sheets previously served on the board of directors of Enerplus Corporation from 2017 until its merger with Chord Energy in 2024. He also has served since 2018 as a director of Westlake Corporation, an international manufacturer and supplier of petrochemicals and related products, where he chairs the nominating and governance committee and is a member of the audit, compensation, and corporate risk committees. Mr. Sheets is a member of the Board of Trustees at the Missouri University of Science and Technology. Reason for Nomination Mr. Sheets brings to the Board financial and operational expertise as a former chief financial officer of a major energy company. The Board benefits from Mr. Sheets expertise in developing and implementing corporate strategy in the energy industry, as well as his significant finance, capital management and allocation, and mergers and acquisitions experience. 16 2026 Proxy Statement Back to Contents Corporate Governance At SLB, we believe strong corporate governance is critical to achieving our performance goals and to retaining the trust of our stakeholders. This section describes SLB s corporate governance policies and practices that foster the Board s effective oversight of our business strategies and operations, in order to promote our shareholders and other stakeholders interests in SLB s long-term resilience, financial strength, and overall success. Energy Innovation and Technology Committee Refocus In 2025, the New Energy and Innovation Committee became the Energy Innovation and Technology Committee with a renewed focus on the Company s execution of strategies and initiatives to develop and implement new technology to support growth and ensure the Company maintains its technological advantage. This committee regularly reviews the Company s innovation initiatives supporting the Company s business lines. The committee also assists the Board with new technological advances, including digital and artificial intelligence, in the Company s sector and adjacent industries. Effective Board Oversight of Risk Management The Board and its committees are actively involved in overseeing SLB s risk management by the CEO and our senior management team. We believe that our Board composition provides SLB with robust and well-rounded experience to assist in effective oversight of SLB management, as reflected on the chart on page 11 of this proxy statement. The full Board oversees the assessment of major risks facing SLB, including determinations of the extent to which such risks are applicable, the potential impact of a risk, and the organization s maturity in mitigating or managing the risk. For example, the full Board oversees risk management by the CEO and our senior management team, by reviewing major financial objectives, critical strategies, and long-term plans, including allocation of capital, significant proposed business acquisitions and divestitures, operating performance, and shareholder returns. In addition, the Board delegates to its committees responsibility for overseeing certain types of risk, as reflected in the chart below, and the committees in turn report regularly to the Board on activities in their respective areas of oversight. Board of Directors Routinely assesses SLB s major risks and mitigation measures, such as financial, geopolitical, strategic, regulatory, technological, competitive, governance, reputational, climate-related, and operational risks. Audit Committee Financial reporting and internal controls Major financial risk exposures Cybersecurity risks Finance-related compliance allegations Independent audit and internal audit Compensation Committee Compensation philosophy and policy, including addressing: Pay-for-performance linkage and alignment to shareholder interests Retention risk Management succession Nominating and Governance Committee Board refreshment and Board and CEO succession Ethics and compliance risks, including trade compliance and anti-bribery, and significant allegations Related person transactions Effectiveness of sustainability program, including short- and long-term climate risks and progress toward our net zero ambition Effectiveness of human rights program Finance Committee Appropriate leverage and related commitments Currency management, including non-U.S. currency fluctuation Financial risks related to M A and strategic transactions Pension assets Energy Innovation and Technology Committee Strategies and initiatives to develop and implement new technology, including digital and artificial intelligence Sustainability impact of growth initiatives SLB Senior Management Day-to-day responsibility for: Identifying, assessing, monitoring, and managing the major risks to SLB through our risk management process Implementing effective risk mitigation measures, response plans, and controls Integrating risk analysis into business decisions and performance objectives 2026 Proxy Statement 17 Back to Contents Enterprise Risk Management Process Our senior management team has developed a comprehensive strategic planning and enterprise risk management process for identifying, assessing, and managing risk. This process begins with risk identification by our business lines and GeoUnits through an operational risk management exercise. Risks with impacts at this initial level are addressed with risk management or mitigation plans. Risks that have a wider potential impact are elevated for consideration at our Basin and Division levels, where the risks are either addressed or elevated for consideration at our executive leadership team level. In addition, SLB has a team of functional experts and leaders that review inputs from the bottoms-up operational risk management exercise, while also considering key trends and developments in their fields, to ensure that the broadest set of potential risks are identified and assessed for potential impacts to the Company. The analysis of the impact of a potential risk includes assessing the potential financial or reputational impact, the potential impact to SLB s ability to implement its strategy, the velocity of the risk (how quickly a risk could manifest), and the level of SLB s existing response preparedness. Our executive leadership team has established the Enterprise Risk Management and Disclosure Committee to oversee this risk identification process and to monitor the implementation of mitigation or management processes. This process also includes third-party assessments, external risk surveys, and facilitated workshops with SLB executives to provide opportunities for the Company to adjust with the evolving risk landscape. Based on these comprehensive risk identification and assessment processes, SLB s executive leadership team recommends to the Board those enterprise-level risks that should be overseen by the Board. Based on the experience of the Board members, the Board itself may identify additional risks to be included among the Company s enterprise-level risks. The Board then reviews management s risk response or mitigation plans. For certain risks, the Board or its committees will have primary risk response or mitigation responsibility. Our executive leadership team updates the Board on the enterprise risk management process at least annually, as risks that could impact the implementation of the Company s strategy are identified or evolve. Environmental and Sustainability Oversight Today, the world faces the challenge of providing secure and affordable energy to meet growing demand, while decarbonizing for a more sustainable future. With a century of market and technology leadership, SLB is well positioned and committed to being a leader in providing solutions to address this trilemma. As part of this commitment, the Board and its committees oversee the performance and management of various sustainability issues, including our workforce health and safety, ethics and compliance programs, climate change impact, emissions reduction targets, global workforce diversity, sustainability reporting, human rights, water resource management, and energy transition strategy. The Board oversees SLB s long- and short-term strategy, including our roadmap to achieve our 2050 net-zero commitment, and delegates to its Nominating and Governance Committee oversight of our sustainability programs, initiatives, and activities. The Board s other committees oversee sustainability-related topics within their respective areas of responsibility, such as the incorporation of non-financial metrics into our incentive compensation programs (Compensation); the growth potential, maturity, and viability of our current and new technologies (Energy Innovation and Technology); the conduct of sustainability-related reviews by our internal audit team (Audit); operational risks such as cybersecurity (Audit); and the disclosure of sustainability-related risks (Audit and Nominating and Governance, jointly). For details about our sustainability programs and initiatives, see our most recent Sustainability Report, available on SLB s website at https://www.slb.com/sustainability/. Oversight of Global Operations Risks SLB has a global footprint in more than 100 countries, including regions with elevated geopolitical tensions. The Board and its committees oversee the Company s assessment of geopolitical, financial, reputational, regulatory, human rights, and other risks associated with operating in these regions, along with mitigation actions. An example of this oversight is the risk assessment related to SLB s continued operations in Russia. When Russia invaded Ukraine in early 2022, SLB assessed that because of our size and the number of employees in the region an accelerated exit would have exposed our people, our technology, and our business to significant risk. However, SLB immediately took voluntary measures to curtail our Russian activity beginning with a ban on new investments in the country, segregation of our Russian operations to comply with management support sanctions, and, in July of 2023, a halting of all shipments of SLB or any third-party products and technology into Russia from any SLB facilities worldwide, including from countries not participating in multi-lateral sanctions. SLB has consistently used international sanctions as well as feedback from our shareholders and other stakeholders to guide our actions. SLB has also carefully monitored Russian countersanctions and the impact that prior exits have had on activity in Russia to evaluate its response to this complex geopolitical landscape. SLB management and Board strongly condemn the Russian invasion of Ukraine and will continue to monitor the situation, including evolving sanctions, reputational impacts, and other risks, to determine whether or when to modify its voluntary actions to constrain its Russian business. Cybersecurity Oversight The Audit Committee oversees SLB s cybersecurity risk exposures and the steps taken by management to monitor and mitigate cybersecurity risks. The cybersecurity team briefs the Audit Committee on the effectiveness of SLB s cyber risk management program, typically on a quarterly basis. In addition, cybersecurity risks are reviewed by the Board as part of the Company s enterprise risk management process. For additional information about our cybersecurity program, see Item 1C. Cybersecurity in our 2025 Annual Report. 18 2026 Proxy Statement Back to Contents Oversight of AI The Board and the Energy Innovation and Technology Committee are responsible for overseeing SLB management s AI governance strategy. SLB s cross-functional data and AI governance steering committee produces AI-related guidelines and standards in alignment with our core principles and works to maintain compliance with applicable regulations. Our senior management team validates the strategic development, testing, and deployment of AI solutions as well as the use of AI in our internal operations and regularly updates the Board and the Energy Innovation and Technology Committee for review of the implementation of SLB s AI platforms and associated risks, including provenance and traceability of insights. Leadership Structure One of the Board s key responsibilities is to evaluate and determine an appropriate board leadership structure to provide independent oversight of SLB management. The Board believes that there is no single, generally accepted board leadership structure that is appropriate for all companies, and that the right structure may even vary for a single company as circumstances change. As a result, our independent directors, upon the recommendation of the Nominating and Governance Committee, consider the Board s leadership structure at least annually. The Board welcomes and takes into consideration any input received from our shareholders regarding the Board s leadership structure. The Board informs shareholders of any change in the Board s leadership structure in our current Corporate Governance Guidelines that we publish on our website and describe in our annual proxy statements. Since 2019, our Board has separated the roles of CEO and Board Chair, to allow our CEO to focus on leading SLB s complex international business operations, while the Chair provides the Board with experienced and independent leadership. Mr. Hackett currently serves as independent Board Chair, and in that role, sets the agenda for and leads all Board meetings and all executive sessions of the non-executive directors. In considering its leadership structure, the Board considered that SLB s current governance practices provide for strong independent leadership, active participation by our independent directors, and independent evaluation of, and communication with, many members of senior management. The Board believes that its risk oversight programs would be effective under a variety of board leadership frameworks and therefore do not materially affect the Board s choice of leadership structure. Corporate Governance Guidelines We have adopted Corporate Governance Guidelines that our Board believes are consistent with our values, and that promote the effective functioning of our Board, its committees, and the Company. At least annually, our Board reviews and, if appropriate, revises our Corporate Governance Guidelines to reflect the Board s corporate governance objectives and commitments. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines are available on SLB s website at https://www.slb.com/about/leadership-and-governance/corporate-governance/guidelines . Code of Conduct We have adopted a code of conduct titled Together with Integrity Our Code of Conduct, aligned to the Company s cultural framework and organized according to SLB s values and behaviors. The Code of Conduct sets out SLB s core expectations for our officers, directors, employees, and suppliers to act with integrity in an evolving world. The Code of Conduct is available on SLB s website at https://www.slb.com/about/who-we-are/our-code-of-conduct. Proactive Shareholder Engagement Our relationship and on-going dialogue with our shareholders are important parts of our Board s corporate governance commitment. Our investor relations, sustainability, legal, and human resources teams engage with shareholders throughout the year to seek their views on key matters and then inform our Board and management about the issues and emerging governance trends that our shareholders tell us matter most to them. The chairs of our Compensation and Nominating and Governance committees have also participated in our engagement efforts when requested. These engagements routinely cover executive compensation, corporate governance, company strategy and performance, sustainability, human rights, and other current and emerging issues. We typically reach out to our largest institutional shareholders at least annually. We then report the feedback we receive to our Board and its relevant committees, allowing the Board to better understand our shareholders priorities and perspectives. In addition, we may engage with our large institutional shareholders at other times in the year when we believe that there are appropriate topics to discuss. For details about our recent shareholder outreach, see Compensation Discussion and Analysis Framework for Setting 2025 Executive Compensation Consistent, Strong Shareholder Support beginning on page 33 of this proxy statement. 2026 Proxy Statement 19 Back to Contents Board Composition and Process for Selecting New Directors The Nominating and Governance Committee recommends the number and names of persons to be proposed by the Board for election as directors at our AGMs. In 2026, following the Committee s review of peer company governance data, as well as the Board s annual self-evaluation feedback, the Committee recommended, and the Board determined, that it operates most effectively with ten members. As a result, the Committee is currently undergoing a search process to identify and select one additional candidate to join the Board in 2026 a process that is expected to conclude after the 2026 AGM. The Board has the ambition to reach 30% female representation among its members but is committed to ultimately nominating the most qualified candidate as discussed in this section. The Committee assists the Board in identifying qualified individuals to join as new Board members in compliance with applicable laws. In evaluating potential nominees, the Committee takes into consideration, among other factors: the Board s current composition, including the skills, experience, and backgrounds of our incumbent directors, SLB s existing and anticipated business needs aligned to our strategic goals and initiatives for example, a potential nominee with technical skills may further support the Board s oversight responsibilities in areas like digital strategy, cybersecurity and AI, a potential nominee s ability to contribute to the Board s diversity of independent views, with a goal of reflecting the unique backgrounds, perspectives, and experiences of our global workforce, and the personal characteristics and general qualifications that the Committee believes all nominees should possess, as discussed above under Election of Directors Qualifications of Director Nominees . The general methodology for identifying candidates for nomination to the Board is outlined in the diagram below. First, the Nominating and Governance Committee reviews the Board s current composition, identifying key skills, experience, and backgrounds of potential candidates that would complement those of our other Board members. Next, the Committee initiates a candidate search, making its own inquiries while also collecting suggestions from other directors and SLB management. From time to time, the Committee retains executive search and board advisory consulting firms to assist in identifying and evaluating potential nominees. Upon retaining these firms, we request that they include women and nationally, racially, and ethnically diverse candidates in the proposals they present to us, in recognition of the importance of assessing the most qualified and best available talent. The Nominating and Governance Committee then conducts a thorough evaluation of proposed new Board candidates, typically involving a series of internal discussions, interviews with selected candidates, and reviews of information about the candidates. Following this evaluation, the Committee summarizes its findings and provides the full Board with its recommendations for nomination to the Board. The Board, upon the recommendation of the Nominating and Governance Committee, selects the director nominees to be elected at our next AGM. Board Refreshment and Tenure Limits The Board is committed to thoughtful board refreshment and ongoing board succession planning, with meaningful change to the Board composition this decade. Half of SLB s non-executive directors joined the Board since 2021, and all but one of our directors joined within the last seven years, bringing diverse and evolving experience and leadership skills in areas that are strategically important to SLB. Our directors have an average age of 64 and have served on our Board for an average of six years. Our non-executive directors are eligible to serve on the Board until age 75 or for a maximum ten-year term whichever occurs first under our Corporate Governance Guidelines. All our non-executive directors are currently in compliance with this requirement. 20 2026 Proxy Statement Back to Contents Nominees Recommended by Shareholders The Nominating and Governance Committee will also consider nominees recommended by shareholders who meet the eligibility requirements for submitting shareholder proposals for inclusion in SLB s next proxy statement and who submit their recommendations in writing to: Nominating and Governance Committee Chair c/o SLB Chief Legal Officer and Secretary 5599 San Felipe Houston, Texas 77056 All recommendations must be submitted by the deadline for shareholder proposals referred to under Information About the Meeting Shareholder Proposals at 2027 AGM on page 74 of this proxy statement. Unsolicited recommendations must contain all of the information that would be required in a proxy statement soliciting proxies for the election of the candidate as a director, a description of all direct or indirect arrangements or understandings between the recommending security holder and the candidate, all other companies to which the candidate is being recommended as a nominee for director, and a signed consent of the candidate to cooperate with reasonable background checks and personal interviews, and to serve as a member of our Board, if elected. Overboarding Policy Under our Corporate Governance Guidelines, SLB directors are limited to serving on the boards of no more than three other listed companies (in addition to the SLB Board). SLB directors currently serving as the chief executive officer of any public company (including our CEO) are further limited to serving on the board of only one other listed company. Additionally, members of our Audit Committee may not serve on the audit committees of more than two other listed companies. Our Nominating and Governance Committee also considers the other time commitments of directors and director candidates to ensure they can dedicate appropriate time to our Board and its respective committees. Our Nominating and Governance Committee annually reviews SLB s overboarding policy as part of its review of our Corporate Governance Guidelines. The Committee also annually reviews each of our directors outside board commitments, as well as their availability for informal discussions and attendance at scheduled Board and committee meetings. For 2026, the Committee has determined that the outside commitments of our director nominees are consistent with our Corporate Governance Guidelines and would not detract from their ability to devote the necessary time and attention to SLB. None of our director nominees serves on more than two other listed company boards. Comprehensive Director Orientation and Education Our director orientation and continuing education programs are designed to support our directors in fulfilling their responsibilities as members of the Board. First, all new directors participate in SLB s director orientation program, to familiarize themselves with our business and operations, financial and performance strategies, controls and compliance systems, sustainability, and health, safety, and environmental ( HSE ) commitments, industry dynamics, and corporate governance standards. New directors also attend trainings with members of senior management focused on financial, industry- and committee-specific topics, as well as facility and well-site visits. For both new and incumbent directors, regular continuing education programs help our Board stay current on industry, corporate governance, risk management, geopolitics, cybersecurity, and other developments relevant to their work as directors. These programs may include presentations from SLB management or in-depth trainings developed by outside experts, as appropriate. SLB also encourages directors to attend external trainings related to their Board responsibilities and provides resources for director education opportunities across a wide range of topics. For example, during 2025, members of the Board met with sector specialists and participated in both external and SLB-hosted trainings relating to emerging cybersecurity and AI risks. 2026 Proxy Statement 21 Back to Contents Rigorous Evaluation Processes Each year, the Board and its committees conduct rigorous evaluations in order to assess the overall functioning, performance, and effectiveness of the Board, its committees, and the individual directors. The Nominating and Governance Committee oversees this annual evaluation process. From time to time, these evaluations may be conducted using a third-party facilitator. The methodology for conducting Board and Committee evaluations is outlined in the chart below. Initiate Evaluation Process Collect Evaluation Data Discuss Findings Implement Feedback Upon the instruction of the Nominating and Governance Committee, written self-assessment questionnaires are distributed to each member of the Board. These questionnaires seek anonymous, candid feedback from our directors on a variety of topics, including board composition and culture, committee effectiveness, strategic planning, risk management, peer evaluation, and succession planning. Directors responses to the questionnaires are then aggregated into summary reports for the Board, each of its committees, and the chair of the Nominating and Governance Committee. In 2025, all questionnaires were distributed and responses collected through a third-party platform. Periodically, the Nominating and Governance Committee has also used a third-party facilitator to conduct one-on-one interviews with Board members as part of this annual evaluation process. Each October, findings from the evaluation process are reviewed and discussed in executive session at each committee meeting and the full Board meeting. Based on these discussions, the directors may recommend improvements to the Board s structure, processes, policies, or composition, or other changes. The Board Chair also conducts one-on-one interviews with each director to seek additional insights and provide feedback. The chair of the Nominating and Governance Committee reviews the Board Chair s peer evaluation and provides feedback if appropriate. Finally, the Board, its committees, and (where appropriate) management work to implement the feedback from this evaluation process to improve Board performance and effectiveness. Following this process, the Nominating and Governance Committee annually reviews and makes recommendations to the Board regarding its process for evaluating the effectiveness of the Board, its committees, and individual directors. Board Committees The Board has five standing committees: Audit, Compensation, Nominating and Governance, Finance, and Energy Innovation and Technology. Each member of the Audit, Compensation, and Nominating and Governance committees meets the independence and other requirements of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) listing standards and SEC rules (including the heightened requirements that apply to audit or compensation committee members, as applicable). In addition, each member of the Audit Committee is financially literate, and each of Mr. de La Chevardi re and Mr. Sheets qualifies as an audit committee financial expert under applicable SEC rules. The Nominating and Governance Committee nominates directors to serve on and chair the Board s committees, for final approval by the full Board. The following table reflects the current membership of the Board s standing committees. Name of Director Audit Committee Compensation Committee Nominating and Governance Committee Finance Committee Energy Innovation and Technology Committee Peter Coleman Patrick de La Chevardi re Chair Miguel Galuccio Chair Jim Hackett (1) Samuel Leupold Maria Mor us Hanssen Chair Vanitha Narayanan Chair Jeff Sheets Chair (1) Independent Board Chair Each standing committee operates under a written charter that sets forth the purposes, responsibilities, and membership requirements of that committee. Each committee reviews the adequacy of its charter at least annually and recommends changes to the Board for approval. All committees also report regularly to the Board with respect to their activities. Committee charters are available on SLB s website at https://www.slb.com/about/leadership-and-governance/corporate-governance. 22 2026 Proxy Statement Back to Contents Meeting Attendance In 2025, our directors attended an average of 97% of the meetings of the Board and its committees on which they served, and no incumbent director attended fewer than 75% of the total number of meetings of the Board and its committees on which they served. Meetings of the Board and its committees were held in 2025 as follows: # of Meetings (1) Board of Directors 6 Audit Committee 5 Compensation Committee 5 Finance Committee 5 Energy Innovation and Technology Committee 2 Nominating and Governance Committee 4 (1) Includes two special meetings of the Board of Directors. At each 2025 Board meeting, the Board s independent Chair led one or more executive sessions of our non-employee directors. In addition, SLB officers regularly attend Board meetings to present information on our business and strategy, and directors have worldwide access to our employees outside of Board meetings. From time to time between meetings, Board and committee members confer with each other, with management, and with independent consultants, and representatives of management may meet with these consultants on behalf of the relevant committee. No director attended our 2025 AGM, in line with our Articles of Incorporation and with the Board s policy that directors are welcome, but not required, to attend our AGMs. Director Independence Our Corporate Governance Guidelines provide that at least a majority of the Board must consist of independent directors, in accordance with the NYSE listing standards. In addition, our Board has adopted director independence standards that meet or exceed the independence requirements in the NYSE listing standards, and which can be found in our Corporate Governance Guidelines. Based on the review and recommendation by the Nominating and Governance Committee, the Board has determined that each director nominee listed above under Election of Directors Our Director Nominees is independent under NYSE listing standards and our director independence standards, except for our CEO and Mr. Galuccio. In addition, the Board determined that each member of the Audit, Compensation, and Nominating and Governance committees meets the independence and other requirements of the NYSE listing standards and SEC rules (including the heightened requirements that apply to audit or compensation committee members, as applicable). Lastly, former directors Dr. Tatiana Mitrova, Dr. Ulrich Spiesshofer, and Ms. Mamatha Chamarthi were independent throughout their tenures on the Board in 2025. Our Board s confirmation of the independence of our independent directors includes a review of transactions that occurred since the beginning of 2023 with entities associated with our directors or members of their immediate family. In making its independence determinations, the Board considered that our independent directors serve as directors, trustees, outside consultants, or advisory board members at companies and universities that have had commercial business relationships with SLB. These relationships all involved commercial transactions in the ordinary course with SLB, which were less than the greater of $1 million or 1% of the other entity s annual revenues during 2025, 2024, and 2023; except for transactions with Kosmos Energy (Kosmos), where Ms. Mor us Hanssen serves as a director, which involved commercial transactions in the ordinary course with SLB that were less than 5% of Kosmos 2025, 2024 and 2023 revenues. As part of SLB s ongoing support of STEM research and educational initiatives, for many years SLB has provided charitable contributions to, and has funded research collaborations with, universities and other non-profit organizations around the world. Our Board has voluntarily adopted an additional independence factor assessing charitable relationships in SLB s Corporate Governance Guidelines. As a result, the Board reviews SLB s charitable contributions to academic and other non-profit institutions with which our directors are affiliated. Since the beginning of 2023, these contributions involved less than $120,000 per year, except for contributions to two universities where Mr. Hackett teaches or lectures the University of Texas at Austin (contributions were less than $700,000 per year) and Rice University (contributions were less than $200,000 per year). Mr. Hackett had no involvement in any contributions made to these universities. No director received any personal benefit from any SLB charitable contributions. 2026 Proxy Statement 23 Back to Contents Certain Relationships and Related Person Transactions The Board has a written policy governing the review, approval, and ratification of related person transactions. Under SEC rules, as applied by the Board, related persons include any director, executive officer, director nominee, or greater than 5% shareholder of SLB since the beginning of the previous fiscal year, and their immediate family members. The policy applies to any transaction in which SLB is a participant and any related person has a direct or indirect material interest, where the amount involved exceeds $120,000, unless excluded under Item 404(a) of SEC Regulation S-K. The Nominating and Governance Committee is responsible for reviewing and, where appropriate, approving or ratifying, any related person transaction involving SLB and any related persons. The Nominating and Governance Committee approves only those related person transactions that are in, or are not inconsistent with, the best interests of SLB and its shareholders. SLB has an ongoing commercial relationship with Vista Energy, where Mr. Galuccio serves as chairman of the board and chief executive officer. In 2025, SLB contracted in an arms length manner with Vista Energy to deliver oilfield services and products in the ordinary course, for which Vista Energy paid SLB approximately $380 million. These transactions between SLB and Vista Energy render Mr. Galuccio non-independent under the NYSE listing rules and our Corporate Governance Guidelines. Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation Mr. Sheets (Chair), Ms. Mor us Hanssen, Ms. Narayanan, Mr. Coleman, and Dr. Spiesshofer each served on the Compensation Committee during 2025. None of the members of the Compensation Committee who served during 2025 is or has been an SLB officer or employee or had any relationship that is required to be disclosed as a transaction with a related person. In addition, during 2025, none of our executive officers served as a member of the board of directors or compensation committee (or other board committee performing equivalent functions) of an entity that has one or more executive officers serving as members of our Board or our Compensation Committee. Securities Transaction Policy We have a securities transactions policy governing the purchase, sale and other dispositions of our securities by directors, officers, and employees. We believe that our securities transactions policy is reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations, and any applicable listing standards. A copy of this policy is filed as Exhibit 19 to our 2025 Annual Report. How to Communicate with Our Board We maintain a process for shareholders and others to direct communications to the Board, our independent Board Chair, or any Board member or committee by writing to our Chief Legal Officer and Secretary. This process assists the Board in reviewing and responding to communications by shareholders and other interested parties. The Board has instructed our Chief Legal Officer and Secretary to review correspondence directed to the Board (including to the Chair and any Board committee) and, at the Secretary s discretion, to forward those items that she deems appropriate for the Board s consideration. Communications can be sent to the following address: SLB Board of Directors c/o SLB Chief Legal Officer and Secretary 5599 San Felipe Houston, Texas 77056 24 2026 Proxy Statement Back to Contents Director Compensation Our director compensation philosophy is to appropriately compensate our non-employee directors for the time, expertise, and effort required to serve as a director of a large and complex global company, and to align the interests of our directors with those of our shareholders. Directors who are SLB employees do not receive compensation for serving on the Board. Director Pay Components Cash Compensation Non-employee directors received the following cash compensation paid in quarterly installments: for the first eight months of 2025, a pro-rated annual cash retainer of $115,000, or $215,000 for our independent Board Chair, and for the last four months of 2025, a pro-rated annual cash retainer of $120,000, or $240,000 for our independent Board Chair; an annual fee of $10,000 for each committee membership; and if the director is the chair of a committee, for the first eight months of 2025, a pro-rated annual fee of $20,000 in lieu of the fee for committee membership, and for the last four months of 2025, a pro-rated annual fee of $25,000 in lieu of the fee for committee membership. Equity Compensation In 2025, we granted shares of SLB common stock valued at approximately $190,000 for each non-employee director, or $290,000 for our independent Board Chair. For 2025, our non-employee directors received the following grants of SLB common stock on May 1, 2025: 8,721 shares to Mr. Hackett, our independent Board Chair, and 5,714 shares to each other non-employee director. The following table provides information on the compensation paid to our non-employee directors in 2025. Name Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ($) Stock Awards ($) (1) Total ($) Peter Coleman 145,000 192,791 337,791 Patrick de La Chevardi re 150,000 192,791 342,791 Miguel Galuccio 140,000 192,791 332,791 Jim Hackett 227,500 294,247 521,747 Samuel Leupold 147,500 192,791 340,291 Tatiana Mitrova (2) 13,003 13,003 Maria Mor us Hanssen 160,000 192,791 352,791 Vanitha Narayanan 157,500 192,791 350,291 Jeff Sheets 150,000 192,791 342,791 Ulrich Spiesshofer (2) 13,003 13,003 (1) Amounts reported reflect the aggregate grant date fair value of the stock awards computed in accordance with applicable accounting standards, based on the closing stock price on May 1, 2025, the grant date. (2) Did not stand for re-election at our 2025 AGM. Non-employee directors who begin their Board, Board Chair, committee, or committee chair service after the AGM receive a prorated amount of annual compensation. SLB also reimburses non-employee directors for travel, external board education opportunities, and other business expenses incurred in the performance of their services for us. 2026 Proxy Statement 25 Back to Contents Annual Director Pay Review Our Compensation Committee annually reviews our non-employee director compensation, and periodically recommends that the Board approve updates to director pay. In 2025, the Committee s director pay review took into account multiple factors including our director compensation philosophy, changes in market practices, the continued expansion of director and committee chair responsibilities, consultations with the Committee s independent compensation consultant, Pay Governance, and feedback received during our shareholder engagements. Based on that review, the Committee re-evaluated non-employee director compensation and approved certain increases for the first time since 2017. Beginning on September 1, 2025, non-employee directors received the following compensation increases, pro-rated for the last four months of 2025: an increase of the annual cash retainer for non-employee directors from $115,000 to $120,000; an increase of the annual cash retainer for our independent Board Chair from $215,000 to $240,000; and an increase of the annual fee for committee chairs in lieu of the fee for committee membership from $20,000 to $25,000. Additionally, beginning on May 1, 2026, non-employee directors will receive the following compensation increases: an increase of the annual stock grant for non-employee directors from $190,000 to $195,000; and an increase of the annual stock grant for our independent Board Chair from $290,000 to $310,000. While our Compensation Committee is aware that other jurisdictions may have differing director compensation practices, the Committee believes it is in the best interests of SLB and our shareholders as a whole to align to market practice among NYSE-listed companies and companies like SLB with a large U.S. shareholder base. The Committee also believes that the interests of our non-employee directors are most aligned with the interests of our shareholders when a significant portion of director compensation is paid through stock grants. Director Stock Ownership Guidelines The Board believes that ownership of SLB stock by our directors aligns their interests with the interests of our shareholders. Accordingly, the Board has established a guideline that each non-employee director must, within five years of joining the Board, own a minimum dollar value of shares of SLB common stock equal to five times (5x) that director s annual cash retainer. Each of our non-employee directors who has been a Board member for at least five years is in compliance with these stock ownership guidelines. Director Deferral Plan Non-employee directors may elect to defer all or a portion of their annual stock or cash awards through the SLB 2004 Stock and Deferral Plan for Non-Employee Directors (the Directors Stock Plan ). When directors elect to defer their stock award, their deferred compensation account is credited with a number of stock units. Each stock unit is equal in value to a share of our common stock, but because it is not an actual share of our common stock it does not have any voting rights. When directors elect to defer their cash award, they may choose to invest such deferred cash compensation into SLB common stock, or money market equivalents, or an S P 500 equivalent. Deferrals into a stock account are credited with dividend equivalents in the form of cash to be paid at the time of vesting and deferrals into the cash account are credited with gains or losses based on the monthly performance of the various investment options described above. Following retirement from our Board and depending on the director s election, a non-employee director may receive the deferred compensation on the date of the director s retirement or a date that is one year following the date of the director s retirement. 26 2026 Proxy Statement Back to Contents Stock Ownership Information Security Ownership by Management and Our Board The following table sets forth information as of January 31, 2026, regarding the beneficial ownership of SLB common stock by each director and director nominee, each named executive officer, and all SLB directors and executive officers as a group. Beneficial Ownership of SLB Common Stock Name Number of Shares (1) Percentage of Class (2) Khaled Al Mogharbel (NEO) 183,037 1% Stephane Biguet (NEO) 155,548 1% Peter Coleman 18,671 1% Patrick de La Chevardi re 19,525 1% Miguel Galuccio 48,225 1% Jim Hackett 20,966 1% Olivier Le Peuch (NEO) 1,504,044 (3) 1% Samuel Leupold 25,708 1% Abdellah Merad (NEO) 160,602 (4) 1% Maria Mor us Hanssen 31,558 1% Vanitha Narayanan 17,260 1% Demosthenis Pafitis (NEO) 178,810 (5) 1% Dianne Ralston (NEO) 224,097 1% Jeff Sheets 39,025 1% All directors and Executive Officers, as a group (15 persons) 2,340,083 (6) 1% (1) Beneficial ownership is determined under the rules of the SEC and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to securities. Except as indicated in the below footnotes and subject to applicable community property laws, to our knowledge the persons named in this table have sole voting and investment power with respect to the securities listed. None of the shares are subject to any pledge. The number of shares beneficially owned includes shares of SLB common stock that the individual or group has the right to acquire within 60 days of January 31, 2026, including exercisable options to purchase SLB common stock, as well as RSUs and PSUs that will vest within 60 days. This column does not reflect (x) shares of SLB common stock deferred under the Directors Stock Plan, or (y) the number of shares earned but not yet issued under our 2023 ROCE PSUs, because SLB will finally determine the number of shares earned after the applicable comparator companies disclose their full-year audited 2025 results, as described under Compensation Discussion and Analysis Elements of 2025 Total Compensation Long-Term Equity Incentive Awards Payouts Under Prior LTI Awards PSUs and RSUs Vesting in 2026 on page 43 of this proxy statement. (2) Percentage ownership is calculated based on the 1,502,561,554 shares of our common stock outstanding on January 31, 2026. (3) Includes options to purchase 45,000 SLB shares. (4) Includes options to purchase 20,000 SLB shares. (5) Includes options to purchase 72,510 SLB shares and 710 shares held by Mr. Pafitis spouse. (6) Includes options to purchase 182,780 SLB shares, all of which are held by our Executive Officers. Unless otherwise indicated, the address of each person listed on the table above is c/o SLB, 5599 San Felipe, Houston, Texas 77056. 2026 Proxy Statement 27 Back to Contents Security Ownership by Certain Beneficial Owners The following table sets forth information for the persons known by us to be the beneficial owners of more than 5% of our common stock, based solely on the information reported by such persons in their most recent Schedule 13D and 13G filings with the SEC. For each entity included in the table below, percentage ownership is calculated by dividing the number of shares reported as beneficially owned by such entity by the 1,502,561,554 shares of our common stock outstanding on January 31, 2026. Beneficial Ownership of SLB Common Stock Name and Address Number of Shares Percentage of Class The Vanguard Group (1) 100 Vanguard Blvd. Malvern, PA 19355 185,363,911 12.3% BlackRock, Inc. (2) 55 East 52nd Street New York, NY 10055 108,344,912 7.2% State Street Corporation (3) State Street Financial Center One Lincoln Street Boston, MA 02111 84,804,647 5.6% (1) Based solely on a Statement on Schedule 13G/A filed on October 30, 2025. This filing indicates that The Vanguard Group has shared voting power with respect to 8,901,490 shares, sole investment power with respect to 170,904,290 shares and shared investment power with respect to 14,459,621 shares. (2) Based solely on a Statement on Schedule 13G/A filed on February 6, 2024. This filing indicates that BlackRock, Inc. has sole voting power with respect to 98,480,988 shares and sole investment power with respect to 108,344,912 shares. (3) Based solely on a Statement on Schedule 13G/A filed on January 30, 2024. This filing indicates that State Street Corporation has shared voting power with respect to 60,557,091 shares and shared investment power with respect to 84,755,731 shares. Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), requires our executive officers and directors to file an initial report of ownership of SLB common stock on Form 3, and to file reports of changes in ownership on Form 4 or Form 5. Based solely on a review of the Forms 3, 4 and 5 filed electronically with the SEC during 2025 with respect to SLB, and on written representations from our executive officers and directors, we believe that one transaction required to be reported under Section 16(a) was not timely reported during 2025. One Form 4 required to be filed by Mr. Coleman relating to shares sold on November 26, 2025, was not timely filed, but a Form 4 reporting these sales was subsequently filed on December 2, 2025. 28 2026 Proxy Statement Back to Contents ITEM 2. Advisory Approval of Our Executive Compensation Our Board is asking you to approve, on an advisory basis, the compensation of our NEOs as disclosed in this proxy statement. This item, which is provided pursuant to Section 14A of the Exchange Act, is commonly referred to as a say-on-pay resolution. The Compensation Committee has structured our executive compensation program to achieve the following key objectives: to attract, motivate, and retain talented Executive and Corporate Officers as identified under Information About Our Executive Officers in our 2025 Annual Report, to drive the achievement of companywide financial objectives, as well as other strategic objectives, while balancing rewards for short-term and long-term performance, and to align the interests of our Executive and Corporate Officers with those of our shareholders, each as described in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis section of this proxy statement. Our Compensation Committee and the Board believe that the policies and procedures articulated in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis are effective in achieving our goals, and that the compensation of our NEOs, as reported in this proxy statement, has contributed to SLB s short-term and long-term success. Therefore, we are asking our shareholders to approve the compensation of our NEOs by voting FOR the following resolution on an advisory basis: RESOLVED, that the compensation paid to SLB Limited s named executive officers, as disclosed in this proxy statement, including the Compensation Discussion and Analysis, compensation tables and narrative discussion, is hereby APPROVED on an advisory basis. This vote is non-binding, but our Board and the Compensation Committee will review and consider the voting results when making future decisions regarding our executive compensation program. At our 2023 AGM, our shareholders supported, on an advisory basis, the Board s proposal that the say-on-pay advisory vote occur on an annual basis. Although annual say-on-pay advisory votes are not required by our bylaws, the Board currently believes that having our shareholders provide annual feedback on our compensation practices supports effective governance. As a result, our proxy statement for our 2027 AGM will include a say-on-pay advisory proposal. The Board of Directors recommends a vote FOR this Item 2. Compensation Committee Report The Compensation Committee has reviewed and discussed the Compensation Discussion and Analysis with SLB s management. Based on that review and discussion, the Compensation Committee recommended to the Board of Directors that the Compensation Discussion and Analysis be included in this proxy statement. Submitted by the Compensation Committee of the SLB Board of Directors Jeff Sheets, Chair Peter Coleman Vanitha Narayanan 2026 Proxy Statement 29 Back to Contents Compensation Discussion and Analysis This Compensation Discussion and Analysis ( CD A ) describes our compensation policies and practices as they relate to our six named executive officers ( NEOs ) identified below. The purpose of the CD A is to explain the elements of our NEOs 2025 compensation, the criteria for selecting these elements, the decisions our Compensation Committee made with respect to the 2025 compensation of our NEOs, and the reasons for those decisions. Olivier Le Peuch Stephane Biguet Abdellah Merad Dianne Ralston Demosthenis Pafitis Khaled Al Mogharbel Chief Executive Officer EVP and Chief Financial Officer EVP, Core Services and Equipment Chief Legal Officer and Secretary Chief Technology Officer Advisor to the CEO; former EVP, Geographies CD A Table of Contents 2025 Compensation Decisions and Results 31 Framework for Setting 2025 Executive Compensation 32 Program Design and Pay-for-Performance Philosophy 32 At-Risk Pay Mix 33 Consistent, Strong Shareholder Support 33 Best Practices in Executive Compensation Governance 34 Elements of 2025 Total Compensation 34 Base Salary 34 Short-Term Cash Incentive Awards 35 Long-Term Equity Incentive Awards 39 Other Benefits 43 Other Aspects of Our Executive Compensation Program 44 Competition for Our Executive Talent 44 Our Peer Group Companies 45 Executive Compensation Governance 47 No NEO Employment Agreements 47 Stock Ownership and Holding Requirements 47 Anti-Hedging and Anti-Pledging 47 Clawback Policy 47 Process for Setting Executive Compensation 47 30 2026 Proxy Statement Back to Contents 2025 Compensation Decisions and Results In making decisions for 2025 executive compensation, our Compensation Committee continued to focus on pay-for-performance alignment, motivating and incentivizing outperformance, maintaining stability and retaining our top talent through business cycles, and appropriately compensating our executives for effectively deploying capital, generating strong cash flow, and creating long-term shareholder value. In addition, the Committee considered that our executive compensation program received the support of approximately 94.5% of the votes cast at our 2025 AGM. Based on this overwhelming support, as well as direct shareholder feedback, the Committee maintained our executives long- and short-term incentive compensation programs largely consistent with 2024. Diversified LTI Program Structure with Rigorous PSU Performance Targets Strategy-Focused STI Program with Emissions Intensity Reduction Goals for All NEOs Our NEOs continued to receive a mix of LTI grants in 2025, with 75% of their target LTI opportunity awarded in the form of PSUs, and 25% awarded in the form of three-year, time-based RSUs. As in 2024, payout under the 2025 PSUs will be contingent on achieving rigorous absolute FCF margin, relative ROCE, and relative TSR performance goals over a three-year period. We continued to tie 70% of our NEOs target short-term cash incentive opportunity to Company financial goals full-year adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow to ensure that our executives remained focused on profitable, sustainable growth. In addition, we continued to include in our 2025 STI plan an additional 10% quantitative component (at target) focused on reducing SLB s emissions intensity and improving gender balance in our global workforce. Performance-Aligned LTI and STI Payouts Our NEOs LTI award payouts for the 2023-2025 performance period were based on SLB s strong multi-year FCF margin results and above target ROCE performance, offset by below-minimum performance relative TSR results. Our NEOs also earned performance-aligned 2025 STI payouts based on SLB s near-target adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow results and substantially achieved strategic non-financial and personal objectives. Long-Term Equity Incentive Results* Short-Term Cash Incentive Results* Total LTI Award Payout 113% Our NEOs earned total LTI payouts of 113% of target with respect to the three-year LTI awards (including RSUs vested at 100%) that were granted in 2023 and vested in January 2026. Strong FCF Margin PSU Payout Our NEOs earned 228% of the target shares of SLB stock under the three- year FCF margin PSUs, based on SLB s three-year, cumulative FCF margin of 11.7%. Above-Median ROCE Results Our NEOs earned 126% of the target shares of SLB stock under the three-year ROCE PSUs, based on SLB s above-median three-year relative ROCE performance as compared to the comparator group. Zero TSR Payout Our three-year relative TSR percentile rank was below the minimum performance target for the TSR PSUs granted in 2023. As a result, our CEO and other NEOs earned no payout under the TSR component of our PSUs granted in 2023. Average STI Payout 83% Our current NEOs earned an average 2025 cash incentive payout of 83% of target. Adjusted EBITDA SLB s 2025 adjusted EBITDA demonstrated consistent financial performance despite a difficult market environment and resulted in our current NEOs earning 76% of the target payout. Free Cash Flow SLB s 2025 free cash flow highlighted the unique strengths of our portfolio to generate significant cash flow in varied market conditions and resulted in our current NEOs earning 82% of the target payout. Non-Financial Achievements We measurably reduced our Scope 1 and 2 emissions intensity year on year and by year-end 2025 women represented 25.5% of our salaried population, achieving our targets for both metrics. As a result, our NEOs earned 100% of the target payout for the quantitative non-financial component of our STI plan. Additionally, our NEOs earned an average payout of 91% from achieving their strategic personal objectives. * Incentive targets and results were determined without regard to ChampionX, which was acquired in the third quarter of 2025. 2026 Proxy Statement 31 Back to Contents Framework for Setting 2025 Executive Compensation Program Design and Pay-for-Performance Philosophy Our 2025 executive compensation program consisted of three primary elements comprising our executives total compensation: LTI equity incentive awards (PSUs and RSUs), STI (annual) cash incentive awards, and base salary . Within these elements, 75% of our executives 2025 target LTI equity awards and 100% of their STI awards were performance-based. These elements have allowed us to remain competitive and attract, retain, and motivate top executive talent whose interests are aligned with those of our shareholders. The table below sets out the primary elements of our NEOs 2025 total compensation, certain key features of each element, and how each of these compensation elements supports our strategy. Type Element Key Features How Elements Support Our Strategy Performance- Based? At Risk? 25% Free Cash Flow Margin PSUs Absolute performance metric, based on our FCF margin over a 3-year period Aligns with our financial ambition of achieving double-digit FCF margin Encourages our NEOs to generate high-quality revenue, which translates into strong free cash flow 25% Return on Capital Employed PSUs Relative performance metric, comparing our average annual ROCE over a 3-year period to that of our direct competitors Measures the efficiency of our capital employed relative to direct competitors, consistent with our strategic priorities Motivates and rewards our executives for relative outperformance on a key financial metric 25% Total Shareholder Return PSUs Relative performance metric, comparing our cumulative TSR over a 3-year period to TSR of our direct competitors and S P Global 1200 Energy Index Directly aligns executive LTI payouts with shareholder value creation Uses a clear and objective metric to evaluate our performance against our direct competitors and against the broader global energy sector 25% Time-Based RSUs Cliff vesting after 3 years, if still employed by SLB Promotes stability and retention of our executive team through business cycles 70% Quantitative Company Financial Goals Evenly split between achieving adjusted EBITDA targets and free cash flow targets Adjusted EBITDA reflects the quality of SLB s earnings Strong free cash flow allows us to sustainably return value to shareholders through dividends and stock repurchases 10% Quantitative ESG Goals Targets to reduce emissions intensity and increase gender balance Aligns our executives annual pay to SLB s strategic non-financial goals 20% Individual Goals Strategic personal objectives Aligns to our strategic focus areas, as detailed on page 38 Base Salary Only fixed compensation element Provides a base level of competitive cash compensation, while all other pay elements are variable or contingent on performance 32 2026 Proxy Statement Back to Contents In setting our executives compensation, our Compensation Committee believes that: the pay of our NEOs and other executives should be strongly linked to performance that is evaluated against financial and strategic objectives, and should balance incentivizing outperformance, ensuring retention, and maximizing shareholder value, our performance-based LTI and STI awards should utilize clear, quantitative financial metrics that are closely aligned with our corporate strategy and stated external objectives and should be effective through all industry cycles, LTI awards should encourage the creation of long-term shareholder value, align our executives compensation with our shareholder returns, and incentivize our executives to achieve difficult but attainable strategic and financial goals that support our long-term performance and our leadership position in our industry, our executive compensation structure should enable us to recruit, develop, motivate, and retain top global talent, both in the short term and long term, and stock ownership guidelines, which require our executives to hold stock acquired through LTI awards, further align the interests of our executives with those of our other shareholders. At-Risk Pay Mix Our executive compensation program is designed so that the higher an executive s position in the Company, the greater the percentage of compensation is at risk . At-risk compensation refers to an executive s LTI awards, which include both RSU and PSU grants, and STI awards, also referred to as an annual cash bonus. For LTI awards, RSU awards require continued employment throughout the vesting period, while PSU grants require the attainment of pre-determined Company performance objectives and continued employment throughout the vesting period. For STI awards, cash payments require the attainment of pre-determined individual and Company performance objectives as well as continued employment throughout the performance period. We believe that having a significant portion of our executives compensation at risk supports our retention objective and more closely aligns their interests with Company interests and with the interests of our shareholders. Approximately 90% of our CEO s 2025 target total compensation was at risk, and approximately 83% of our other NEOs 2025 target total compensation was at risk, as illustrated below. CEO 2025 Target Pay Mix Other NEO 2025 Average Target Pay Mix (1) (1) Does not include pay mix for Mr. Al Mogharbel, who stepped down from his role as EVP, Geographies, effective May 1, 2025, and was appointed Advisor to the CEO, a non-executive officer position. Based on market data provided by Pay Governance, our Compensation Committee s independent compensation consultant, the pay mix of our NEOs is well-aligned with that of the companies in our two main executive compensation peer groups, as described in Other Aspects of Our Executive Compensation Program Our Peer Group Companies on page 45. In January 2025, the Committee reviewed the mix of base salary, target STI, and target LTI, as described under the captions Elements of 2025 Total Compensation Base Salary and Long-Term Equity Incentive Awards. The Committee concluded that the 2025 pay mix for each of our NEOs was appropriate, based on the proportion of compensation elements at companies in our main executive compensation peer groups, as well as internal factors. Consistent, Strong Shareholder Support Our executive compensation program received the support of approximately 94.5% of the votes cast at our 2025 AGM our shareholders, marking the fifth consecutive year of strong shareholder support of well over 90% of votes cast. As a result and based on past shareholder feedback, our Compensation Committee believes that our overall compensation program design is well-supported by our shareholders. 2026 Proxy Statement 33 Back to Contents Best Practices in Executive Compensation Governance Below is a summary of some of our executive compensation best practices and policies. For additional details, see Executive Compensation Governance beginning on page 47 of this proxy statement. What We Do What We Don t Do At Risk Pay A significant portion of our executives compensation is at risk, based on a mix of absolute and relative financial metrics. Both cash incentive and performance-based equity compensation are subject to our clawback policy and in 2025, the Board added an additional clawback for executive misconduct. Performance-Based STI Awards At least 70% of our executives target 2025 STI opportunity is based on achieving rigorous quantitative Company financial goals. Robust Stock Holding Requirements Our CEO is required to own an amount of SLB shares valued at six times (6x) his annual base salary; our EVPs must own at least three times (3x) their annual base salaries; and all other Executive and Corporate Officers must own at least two times (2x) their annual base salaries. Mandatory Retention of Shares Executives must retain 50% of the net shares they acquire upon the exercise of stock options and the vesting of PSUs and RSUs, until they achieve the required ownership level under our stock ownership guidelines. Annual Peer Compensation Review We annually review all officer compensation opportunities against our peer groups. No gross-ups on excise taxes. No repricing or exchanging options without shareholder approval.* No hedging or pledging of SLB stock by Executive or Corporate Officers or directors. No LTI or STI payouts if we fail to achieve pre-established minimum performance criteria. No excessive perquisites to our Executive or Corporate Officers. No executive pension or insurance plans exclusively for executives. No change-in-control agreements, and no automatic acceleration of equity awards upon a change in control. PSUs and RSUs do not accrue or pay dividends or dividend equivalents or have voting rights prior to vesting. We do not dilute our shareholders with excessive employee equity grants. Our 2025 burn rate, or stock awards granted as a percentage of common shares outstanding, was only 0.52