=== FSLR_2026-02-24.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, our subsequently filed Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, and our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described in this section. The following discussion and analysis of our business, financial condition, and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes thereto included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 2 Table of Contents PART I Item 1. Business Company Overview We are America s leading PV solar technology and manufacturing company. The only U.S.-headquartered company among the world s largest solar manufacturers, First Solar is focused on competitively and reliably enabling power generation needs with our advanced, uniquely American thin film PV technology. Developed at R D labs in California and Ohio, our technology provides a competitive, high-performance, and responsibly produced alternative to conventional crystalline silicon PV solar modules. Our PV solar modules are produced using a fully integrated, continuous process that does not rely on Chinese crystalline silicon supply chains. We are the world s largest thin film PV solar module manufacturer and the largest PV solar module manufacturer in the Western Hemisphere. In addressing the overall global demand for electricity, PV solar modules provide energy at a lower levelized cost of electricity ( LCOE ), meaning the net present value of a system s total life cycle costs divided by the quantity of energy that is expected to be produced over the system s life, when compared to traditional forms of energy generation. With over $2 billion in cumulative R D investments in the last 20 years, we have a demonstrated history of innovation and continuous improvement. We believe our strategies and points of differentiation provide the foundation for our competitive position and enable us to remain one of the preferred providers of PV solar modules. Business Strategy Advanced Module Technology Our current module semiconductor structure is a single-junction polycrystalline thin film that uses CdTe as the absorption layer. CdTe has absorption properties that are well matched to the solar spectrum and can deliver competitive performance using approximately 2% to 3% of the amount of semiconductor material used to manufacture conventional crystalline silicon modules. In terms of performance, in many climates our solar modules provide certain energy production advantages relative to competing crystalline silicon modules. For example, our CdTe solar technology provides: a superior temperature coefficient, which results in stronger system performance in typical high insolation climates as the majority of a system s generation, on average, occurs when module temperatures are well above 25 C (standard test conditions); a superior spectral response in humid environments where atmospheric moisture alters the solar spectrum relative to standard test conditions; a better partial shading response than competing crystalline silicon technologies, which may experience significantly lower energy generation than CdTe solar technologies when partial shading occurs; and an immunity to cell cracking and its resulting power output loss, a common failure often observed in crystalline silicon modules caused by poor manufacturing, handling, weather, or other conditions. In addition to these technological advantages, we also typically warrant that our solar modules will produce at least 98% of their labeled power output rating during the first year, with the warranty coverage reducing by a degradation factor every year thereafter throughout the limited power output warranty period of up to 30 years. As a result of these and other factors, our solar modules can produce more annual energy in real-world operating conditions than conventional crystalline silicon modules with the same nameplate power. 3 Table of Contents Manufacturing Process and Distributed Manufacturing Presence Our modules combine our leading-edge CdTe technology with the manufacturing excellence and quality control that comes from being the world s most experienced producer of thin film PV solar modules. With more than 93 GW of modules sold worldwide, we have a demonstrated history of manufacturing success and innovation. Our global manufacturing footprint includes facilities in the United States, Malaysia, Vietnam, and India. During 2023, we commenced production of our Series 7 TM ( Series 7 ) modules at our third manufacturing facility in Ohio and our first manufacturing facility in India, which combine our thin film CdTe technology with a larger form factor and an innovative steel back rail mounting structure that reduces module installation time. During 2024 and 2025, we commenced production of Series 7 modules at our manufacturing facilities in Alabama and Louisiana, respectively. Additionally, we are in the process of expanding our domestic manufacturing capacity through the construction of our sixth U.S. manufacturing facility to onshore final production processes for modules initiated by our international fleet, which is expected to commence operations in the second half of 2026. Our modules are manufactured in a high-throughput, automated environment that integrates all manufacturing steps into a continuous flow process. This process eliminates the multiple supply chain operators and resource-intensive batch processing steps that are used to produce crystalline silicon modules, which typically occur over several days and across multiple factories. At the outset of our module production, a sheet of glass enters the production line and is transformed into a completed module ready for shipment within a few hours. This proprietary production process includes the following three stages: (i) the deposition stage, (ii) the cell definition and treatment stage, and (iii) the assembly and test stage. In the deposition stage, panels of transparent oxide-coated glass are robotically loaded onto the production line where they are cleaned, laser-mark identified with a serial number, heated, and coated with thin layers of semiconductor material, including CdTe, using our vapor transport deposition technology, after which the semiconductor-coated plates are cooled rapidly to increase glass strength. In the cell definition and treatment stage, we use high-speed lasers to transform the large continuous semiconductor coating on the glass plate into a series of interconnected cells that deliver the desired current and voltage output. In this stage, we also treat the semiconductor film using certain chemistries and processes to improve the device s performance and apply a back contact. In the assembly and test stage, we apply busbars, inter-layer material, and a rear glass cover sheet that is laminated to encapsulate the device. We then apply anti-reflective coating material to the substrate glass to further improve the module s performance by increasing its ability to absorb sunlight. Finally, junction boxes, termination wires, and a frame are applied to complete the module assembly. We maintain a robust quality and reliability assurance program that monitors critical process parameters and measures product performance to ensure that industry and more stringent internal standards are met. We also conduct acceptance testing for electrical leakage, visual quality, and power measurement on a solar simulator prior to preparing a module for shipment. Our quality and reliability tests complement production surveillance with an ongoing monitoring program, subjecting production modules to accelerated life stress testing to help ensure ongoing conformance to requirements of the International Electrotechnical Commission and Underwriters Laboratories Inc. These programs and tests help assure delivery of power and performance in the field with a high level of product quality and reliability. Research and Development Our R D model differentiates us from much of our competition due to its vertical integration, from advanced research to product development, manufacturing, and applications. We continue to devote substantial resources to our R D efforts, which generally focus on continually improving the wattage and energy yield of our solar modules. We also have R D programs to improve module durability and manufacturing efficiencies, including throughput, volume ramp, and material cost reduction. We continue to invest significant financial resources in such initiatives as the construction and operation of a dedicated perovskite development line and a dedicated thin film R D innovation center in Ohio. This R D innovation center, which features a manufacturing scale production pilot 4 Table of Contents line, enables the production of full-sized prototypes of thin film single-junction and tandem PV modules, supporting the implementation of our technology roadmap. Based on publicly available information, we are one of the leaders in R D investment among PV solar module manufacturers. In the course of our R D activities, we explore various technologies in our efforts to sustain competitive differentiation in our modules. We primarily conduct our R D activities and qualify process and product improvements for full production at our Perrysburg, Ohio facilities and systematically deploy them to our other facilities. We believe our systematic approach to technology change management enables continuous improvements and ensures uniform adoption across our production lines. In addition, our production lines are replicas or near replicas of each other and, as a result, a process or production improvement on one line can be rapidly and reliably replicated across other production lines. We regularly produce research cells in our laboratories, some of which are tested for performance and certified by independent labs, such as the National Renewable Energy Laboratory. Cell efficiency measures the proportion of light converted to electricity in a single solar cell under standard test conditions. Our research cells are produced using laboratory equipment and methods and are not intended to be representative of our manufacturing capability. We currently hold two world records for CdTe PV cell efficiency, achieving an independently certified research cell efficiency of 23.1% and a module aperture area efficiency of 19.9%. We continue to evaluate opportunities to develop and leverage thin film tandem technologies and believe such tandem applications have the potential to significantly increase the efficiency of PV modules beyond the limits of traditional single-junction devices. Responsible Solar First Solar s approach to responsible solar is interwoven into every aspect of our business and product life cycle, from raw materials sourcing and manufacturing to end-of-life recycling. Our thin film modules are manufactured through an integrated process that uses less energy, water, and semiconductor material than conventional crystalline silicon modules. As part of our commitment to responsible sourcing and zero tolerance for forced labor, First Solar ensures that no module components are sourced from Xinjiang, China, and that no suppliers are connected to entities on the Uyghur Forced Labor Prevention Act entity list. In addition to not relying on Chinese crystalline silicon supply chains, our thin film module technology has the fastest energy payback time, smallest carbon footprint, and lowest water use of any commercially available PV solar technology, measured on a lifecycle basis that accounts for the energy, raw materials, water usage, and transportation across the supply chain, manufacturing process, and end-of-life module recycling. In less than two months, First Solar Series 7 PV modules can produce more energy than was required to manufacture them. This corresponds to an approximately 190-fold energy return on investment over a 30-year project lifetime, providing an abundant net energy gain to the electricity grid. First Solar modules are designed for high-value recycling to maximize material recovery and contribute to a circular economy. Our recycling process recovers more than 90% of module materials for reuse, providing high quality secondary resources for new solar modules and other glass, rubber, steel, and aluminum products. First Solar has a unique and long-standing leadership position in PV recycling, having established the industry s first global recycling program in 2005 and recycled more than 400,000 metric tons of PV modules to date. Financial Stability In addition to our responsible solar commitments, we are also committed to creating long-term shareholder value through a decision-making framework that delivers a balance of growth, profitability, and liquidity. This framework has enabled us to fund our module manufacturing and capacity expansion initiatives primarily using cash flows generated by our operations and by maintaining appropriate debt levels based on cash flow expectations. Our financial stability provides strategic optionality as we evaluate how to invest in our business and generate returns for our shareholders. Our financial stability also enables us to offer meaningful warranties, which provide us with a 5 Table of Contents competitive advantage relative to many of our peers in the solar industry. Furthermore, we expect our financial discipline and ability to manage operating costs to enhance our profitability as we continue to scale our business. Market Overview Solar energy is one of the fastest growing forms of renewable energy with numerous benefits, including economic benefits and speed of deployment, which make it an attractive complement to or substitute for traditional forms of energy generation. In recent years, the cost of electricity from PV solar power systems has generally been competitive with or below other forms of generation. Other technological developments in the renewable energy industry, such as the advancement of energy storage capabilities, have further enhanced the prospects of solar energy as an attractive complement to traditional forms of energy generation. As a result of these and other factors, worldwide solar markets continue to develop and expand. Government incentive programs, such as those enacted under the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the IRA ) as amended by the One Big Beautiful Bill Act of 2025 ( OBBBA ), have contributed to this momentum by providing solar module manufacturers, project developers, and project owners with various incentives to accelerate the deployment of solar power generation. Among other things, the IRA (i) reinstates the 30% investment tax credit for qualifying solar projects that meet certain wage and apprenticeship requirements, (ii) extends the production tax credit ( PTC ) to include energy generated from solar projects, (iii) provides incremental investment and production tax credits for solar projects that meet certain domestic content and location requirements, and (iv) offers tax credits for solar modules and solar module components manufactured in the United States and sold to third parties. In light of such regulatory developments, we have recently commenced or completed certain manufacturing expansion activities in the United States, and we continue to evaluate opportunities for future expansion worldwide, as described below under Global Markets. For more information about certain risks associated with the IRA, see Item 1A. Risk Factors We have received and expect to continue to receive certain financial benefits as a result of tax incentives enacted by the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 and amended by the One Big Beautiful Bill Act of 2025. If these financial benefits vary significantly from our assumptions, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. Given the combination of (i) a European market captured by Chinese solar modules, where pricing is at levels near or below manufacturing costs, (ii) an Indian market effectively closed to Southeast Asian products, (iii) a general supply and demand imbalance for Southeast Asian products, and (iv) certain tariffs on modules imported into the United States, we have reduced production of Series 6 modules at our international manufacturing facilities. Module average selling prices in many global markets have declined. However, recent module pricing in the United States, our primary market, has remained stable due, in part, to the rising demand for domestically manufactured modules as a result of the IRA, energy tax credit eligibility restrictions (including foreign-entity-related limitations) as amended by the OBBBA, and tariffs on modules imported into the United States. In light of these market realities, we continue to advocate for industrial and trade policies that provide a level playing field for manufacturers of solar cells and modules. We also continue to focus on our strategies and points of differentiation, which include our proprietary advanced module technology, our manufacturing process and distributed manufacturing presence, our localized supply chain, our R D capabilities, our commitment to responsible solar, and our financial stability. Global Markets Energy markets are, by their nature, localized, with different factors impacting electricity generation and demand in a particular region or for a particular application. Further, overall electric load growth, especially as a result of artificial intelligence ( AI )-driven data center demand, continues to increase. Accordingly, our business is evolving worldwide and is shaped by the varying ways in which our modules can provide compelling and economically viable solutions to energy needs in various markets. We are currently focusing on markets, including those listed below, in which our CdTe solar modules provide certain advantages over conventional crystalline silicon solar modules, including (i) high insolation climates in which our modules provide a superior temperature coefficient, (ii) humid environments in which our modules provide a superior spectral response, (iii) markets that value responsible 6 Table of Contents sourcing through transparent supply chain reporting and ethical business practices, and (iv) markets that promote renewable energy investments through supportive policy environments. To the extent our production capacity expands in future periods, and policy environments are supportive, we have the potential to extend our focus to additional geographic markets. United States. Multiple markets within the United States, which accounted for 96% of our 2025 net sales, exemplify favorable characteristics for a solar market, including (i) sizeable and growing electricity needs, driven largely by data center demand and other demand growth across a large number of utility service territories; (ii) strong demand for renewable energy generation; (iii) abundant solar resources; and (iv) demand for domestically manufactured modules. In those areas and applications in which these factors are more pronounced, our PV solar modules compete favorably on an economic basis with traditional forms of energy generation. The market penetration of PV solar is also impacted by certain federal and state incentive programs described below under Incentive Programs. The U.S. currently has an installed solar generation capacity of approximately 266 GW, and, in 2025 alone, the U.S. installed over 30 GW of utility-scale solar capacity. Following the 2024 U.S. elections, the current U.S. Presidential administration has committed to an economic mandate focused on growth, reducing inflation, reshoring manufacturing and jobs, and championing innovation, including AI. The U.S. is expected to need significant new power generation capacity as domestic power demand is expected to increase up to 3.5% annually through 2040, a significant portion of which is expected to be driven by data center growth. As a result of such market opportunities, we are in the process of expanding our U.S. manufacturing capacity, including the construction of our sixth U.S. manufacturing facility to onshore final production processes for modules initiated by our international fleet, which is expected to commence operations in the second half of 2026. India. India represents the third largest global market for PV solar energy with an installed solar generation capacity of approximately 132 GW. In addition, the government has established aggressive renewable energy targets, which include increasing the country s overall renewable energy capacity to 500 GW by 2030, becoming energy independent by 2047, and establishing a net-zero carbon emissions target by 2070. Based on these targets, it is projected that the installed solar energy generation capacity will be approximately 280 GW by 2030. The government has also announced a series of policy and regulatory measures to incentivize domestic manufacturing of PV solar modules, as described below under Incentive Programs. These targets, policies, and regulatory measures are expected to help create significant and sustained demand for PV solar energy. In addition to these factors, our CdTe solar technology is well suited for the India market given its hot and humid climate conditions. As a result of such market opportunities and renewable targets, we recently expanded production of Series 7 modules at our first manufacturing facility in India, bringing our total installed nameplate production capacity in the country to 3.2 GW. Incentive Programs Although we compete in markets that do not require solar-specific government incentive programs, our net sales and profits remain subject to variability based on the scope of tax and production incentives, renewable portfolio standards, tendering systems, and other support programs intended to stimulate economies, achieve decarbonization initiatives, and/or establish greater energy independence. Such programs continue to influence the demand for PV solar energy around the world. United States. In the United States, incentive programs exist at both the federal and state levels and may take the form of investment and production tax credits, sales and property tax exemptions and abatements, and/or renewable energy targets. However, the current U.S. presidential administration and control of the U.S. Congress present uncertainty as to such incentive programs. For more information about certain risks associated with such incentives, see Item 1A. Risk Factors We have received and expect to continue to receive certain financial benefits as a result of tax incentives enacted by the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 and amended by the One Big Beautiful Bill Act of 2025. If these financial benefits vary significantly from our assumptions, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. and Risk Factors Existing regulations and policies, changes thereto, and new regulations and policies may present technical, regulatory, and economic barriers to the purchase and use of PV solar products, which may significantly reduce demand for our modules. For more information about 7 Table of Contents pending and ongoing developments related to IRA regulations post-OBBBA, see Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Certain Trends and Uncertainties. Government incentives include the following: Advanced Manufacturing Production Credit . In August 2022, the previous U.S. President signed the IRA into law, which was intended to accelerate the country s ongoing transition to clean energy. The provisions of the IRA are generally effective for tax years beginning after 2022. As discussed above, the IRA offers various tax credits, including the advanced manufacturing production credit, pursuant to Section 45X of the Internal Revenue Code (the IRC ), for solar modules and certain solar module components manufactured in the United States and sold to third parties. Such credit may be refundable by the Internal Revenue Service ( IRS ) or transferable to a third party and is available from 2023 through 2032, subject to phase down beginning in 2030. For eligible components, the credit is equal to (i) $12 per square meter for a PV wafer, (ii) 4 cents multiplied by the capacity of a PV cell in watts, and (iii) 7 cents multiplied by the capacity of a PV module in watts. Such financial incentives are expected to increase both the demand for, and the domestic manufacturing of, solar modules and solar module components in the United States. Subsequent legislation, including the OBBBA enacted in July 2025, has introduced additional eligibility restrictions (including foreign-entity-related limitations) to the advanced manufacturing product credits which may impact both the demand and supply of domestically manufactured solar module components. For more information about certain risks associated with the benefits available to us under the IRA (post-OBBBA), see Item 1A. Risk Factors We have received and expect to continue to receive certain financial benefits as a result of tax incentives enacted by the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 and amended by the One Big Beautiful Bill Act of 2025. If these financial benefits vary significantly from our assumptions, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. For more information about pending and ongoing developments related to the IRA, see Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Certain Trends and Uncertainties. Investment and Production Tax Credits . At the federal level, investment and production tax credits for energy systems have been enacted and modified periodically over several decades. The current federal tax regime for utility-scale solar is primarily governed by the technology-neutral clean electricity investment tax credit ( ITC ) under Section 48E and the clean electricity production tax credit ( PTC ) under Section 45Y, which were enacted as part of the IRA. These credits require projects to satisfy certain wage and apprenticeship requirements and to meet specified beginning-of-construction standards, which may be achieved by certain qualifying procurement activities or physical work activities. Although the IRA originally provided for long term availability of the 45Y and 48E credits subject to an emissions based phase down beginning no earlier than 2032, the OBBBA amended the availability of these credits for wind and solar energy projects by imposing an accelerated termination framework in addition to certain foreign-entity-related limitations. Under the OBBBA and related U.S. Treasury and IRS guidance, utility scale solar projects generally must begin construction by early July 2026 to remain eligible for the 45Y or 48E credits, with projects that satisfy applicable beginning of construction and continuity requirements potentially eligible to be placed in service through 2030. As a result, the availability and value of federal tax credits for utility scale solar have become more dependent on development timelines, interconnection progress, and procurement and construction sequencing. The economic benefit of these credits also depends, in part, on the availability of tax equity financing or the ability to transfer such credits to other taxpayers. Various proposed and contemplated environmental, federal permitting, and tax policies may create regulatory uncertainty in the renewable energy sector, including the solar energy sector. For more information about the risks associated with these potential government actions, see Item 1A. Risk Factors The modification, reduction, elimination, or expiration of government subsidies, economic incentives, eligibility limitations, tax incentives, renewable energy targets, and other support for on-grid solar electricity applications, or the impact of other public policies, such as tariffs or other trade remedies imposed on solar cells and modules or related raw materials or 8 Table of Contents equipment, have, and in the future could, negatively impact demand and/or price levels for our solar modules and limit our growth or lead to a reduction in our net sales or increase our costs, thereby adversely impacting our operating results. Modules Business Our modules business involves the design, manufacture, and sale of CdTe solar modules, which convert sunlight into electricity. Since the inception of First Solar, our modules have used our advanced thin film semiconductor technology. Our Series 6 Plus module is a glass laminate approximately 4ft x 6ft in size that encapsulates thin film PV semiconductor materials. Our Series 7 module has a larger form factor of approximately 4ft x 7ft in size. At the end of 2025, our Series 6 Plus and Series 7 modules had an average power output of 464 watts and 532 watts, respectively. Raw Materials Our module manufacturing process uses approximately 30 types of raw materials and components to construct a solar module, including CdTe, front glass coated with transparent conductive oxide, other semiconductor materials, organics such as adhesives, heat-strengthened back glass, frames, packaging components such as interlayer, junction boxes, wire assemblies, and solar connectors. Before we use these materials and components in our manufacturing process, a supplier must undergo rigorous qualification procedures, and we continually evaluate new suppliers as part of our cost reduction roadmap and expansion activities. When possible, we attempt to use suppliers that can provide a raw material supply source that is near our manufacturing locations, reducing the cost and lead times for such materials. For more information about the risks associated with our supply chain, see Item 1A. Risk Factors Several of our key raw materials and components are either single-sourced or sourced from a limited number of suppliers, and their failure to perform could cause manufacturing delays and impair our ability to deliver solar modules to customers in the required quality and quantities and at a price that is profitable to us. Customers Our customers include system developers, independent power producers, utilities, commercial and industrial companies, large corporate energy buyers, and other system owners and operators. During 2025, we sold the majority of our solar modules to customers with projects in the United States. During 2025, Silicon Ranch Corporation and NextEra Energy each accounted for 10% or more of our modules business net sales. For more information about risks related to our customers, see Item 1A. Risk Factors The loss of any of our large customers, or the inability of our customers and counterparties to perform under their contracts with us, including through terminations by customers of any contract in part or in full, has reduced and, in the future, could significantly reduce our net sales and negatively impact our results of operations. We continue to focus on certain key geographic markets, particularly in areas with abundant solar resources, durable electricity load growth, and a diverse set of customers. Regulated utilities continue to invest in utility scale solar to meet growing electricity demand, replace retiring generation assets, manage long term power costs, and support system reliability, often through utility owned projects or long term power purchase agreements. Corporate buyers particularly technology, data infrastructure, manufacturing, and logistics companies with significant electricity requirements are increasingly active participants in the market, primarily through long term offtake arrangements designed to secure large volumes of electricity from utility scale solar projects. Independent power producers and infrastructure oriented investors play a central role in developing, owning, and financing these projects, typically supported by contracted revenues with creditworthy counterparties. Additionally, the unprecedented expansion of data centers, AI workloads, electrification of industrial processes, and broader economic growth has increased demand for new generation capacity and has expanded the number of potential buyers of our modules, as utility-scale solar offers low-cost, rapidly deployable new generation. Long term power solar purchase agreements provide customers with price certainty and protection from fuel and wholesale 9 Table of Contents power price volatility, thereby mitigating their long-term ownership risks when partnering with stable companies that can provide affordable, fast-to-market generation. Competition The solar energy and renewable energy sectors are highly competitive and continually evolving as participants in these sectors strive to distinguish themselves within their markets and compete within the larger electric power industry. Among PV solar module manufacturers, the principal method of competition is sales price per watt, which may be influenced by several module value attributes, including wattage (through a larger form factor or an improved conversion efficiency), energy yield, degradation, sustainability, and reliability. Sales price per watt may also be influenced by warranty terms, customer payment terms, and/or module attributes. We face intense competition for sales of solar modules, which may result in reduced selling prices and loss of market share. Our primary source of competition is crystalline silicon module manufacturers, the majority of which are linked to China. Allegations of forced labor in the Chinese solar supply chain have emerged in recent years, which means we also compete on our approach to responsible sourcing and supply chain due diligence. Our differentiated technology, integrated manufacturing process, and tightly controlled supply chain help limit the risks associated with outsourcing and the multiple supply tiers of conventional crystalline silicon module manufacturing. We also expect to compete with future entrants into the PV solar industry and existing market participants that offer new or differentiated technological solutions. For additional information, see Item 1A. Risk Factors Our failure to further refine our technology and develop and introduce improved PV products, including as a result of delays in implementing planned advancements, could render our solar modules uncompetitive and reduce our net sales, profitability, and/or market share. Certain of our existing or future competitors, including many linked to China, may have direct or indirect access to sovereign capital or other forms of state support, which could enable such competitors to compromise intellectual property and operate at minimal or negative operating margins for sustained periods of time. Our results of operations could be adversely affected if competitors maintain module pricing at levels near or below their manufacturing costs, bid aggressively low prices for module sale agreements, or are able to operate at minimal or negative operating margins for sustained periods of time. We believe the solar industry may experience periods of structural imbalance between supply and demand, which could lead to periods of low pricing and demand volatility. For additional information, see Item 1A. Risk Factors Competition in solar markets globally and across the solar value chain is intense and could remain that way for an extended period of time. The solar industry may experience periods of structural imbalance between global PV module supply and demand that result in periods of pricing volatility, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Competition within our primary markets is influenced, in part, by evolving federal policies that affect equipment sourcing, project economics, and market access. For example, in India solar procurement is shaped, in part, by domestic content requirements and approved-vendor regimes that condition eligibility on certain government-backed procurement. Such policies favor Indian manufacturers and developers with compliant supply chains while increasing barriers for foreign suppliers, including Chinese manufacturers, thereby altering relative cost structures and competitive positioning. In the United States, competition is influenced primarily through incentive based domestic content requirements and restrictions related to foreign entities of concern ( FEOC ), which affect eligibility for certain federal tax credits rather than imposing absolute sourcing mandates. Such U.S. policies incentivize the use of U.S. manufactured or non Chinese equipment and can advantage competitors with established domestic supply relationships, vertically integrated operations, or access to compliant suppliers. As a result, competition in both markets increasingly reflects not only price, scale, and execution capability, but also the ability to navigate regulatory requirements, secure compliant equipment, and manage supply chain and financing risk associated with changing trade and industrial policies. For additional information, see Item 1A. Risk Factors The modification, reduction, elimination, or expiration of government subsidies, economic incentives, eligibility limitations, tax incentives, renewable energy targets, and other support for on-grid solar electricity applications, or the impact of other public policies, such as tariffs or other trade remedies imposed on solar cells and modules or 10 Table of Contents related raw materials or equipment, have, and in the future could, negatively impact demand and/or price levels for our solar modules and limit our growth or lead to a reduction in our net sales or increase our costs, thereby adversely impacting our operating results . Limited Solar Module Warranties We provide a limited PV solar module warranty covering defects in materials and workmanship under normal use and service conditions for up to 12.5 years. We also typically warrant that modules installed in accordance with agreed-upon specifications will produce at least 98 % of their labeled power output rating during the first year, with the warranty coverage reducing by a degradation factor every year thereafter throughout the limited power output warranty period of up to 30 years. Among other things, our solar module warranty also covers the resulting power output loss from cell cracking. For additional information on our solar module warranty programs, refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors Problems with product quality or performance may cause us to incur significant and/or unexpected contractual damages and/or warranty and related expenses, damage our market reputation, and prevent us from maintaining or increasing our market share. Solar Module Collection and Recycling We are committed to mitigating the environmental impact of our products over their entire life cycle. As part of such efforts, we offer recycling services to help module owners meet their end-of-life ( EOL ) obligations. In 2005, we voluntarily established the industry s first global and comprehensive module collection and recycling program, and in 2013 we implemented a pay-as-you-go recycling service. We continue to invest in module recycling technology improvements to increase recycling efficiency and reduce recycling prices for our customers. Our module recycling process is designed to maximize the recovery of materials, including the glass and encapsulated semiconductor material, for use in new modules or other products and enhances the sustainability profile of our modules. Approximately 90% of each collected First Solar module can be recycled into materials for reuse. We currently operate recycling facilities at our manufacturing sites in the United States, India, Malaysia, and Vietnam and at our former manufacturing facility in Germany. For certain legacy customer sales contracts that were covered under the 2005 module collection and recycling program, which has since been discontinued, we agreed to pay the costs for the collection and recycling of qualifying solar modules, and the end users agreed to notify us, disassemble their solar power systems, package the solar modules for shipment, and revert ownership rights over the modules back to us at the end of the modules service lives. For modules covered under our program that were previously sold into and installed in the EU, we continue to maintain a commitment to cover the estimated collection and recycling costs consistent with our historical program. The EU s Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment ( WEEE ) Directive places the obligation of recycling (including collection, treatment, and environmentally sound disposal) of electrical and electronic equipment products upon producers and is applicable to all PV solar modules in EU member states. As a result of the transposition of the WEEE Directive by the EU member states, we have adjusted our recycling offerings, as required, to ensure compliance with specific EU member state WEEE regulations. 11 Table of Contents Intellectual Property Our success depends, in part, on our ability to maintain and protect our proprietary technology and to conduct our business without infringing on the proprietary rights of others. We rely primarily on a combination of patents, trademarks, and trade secrets, as well as associate and third-party confidentiality agreements, to safeguard our intellectual property. We regularly file patent applications to protect inventions arising from our R D activities in the United States and other countries. Our patent applications and any future patent applications may not result in a patent being issued with the scope of the claims we seek, or at all, and any patents we may receive may be challenged, invalidated, or declared unenforceable. In addition, we have registered and/or have applied to register trademarks and service marks in the United States and a number of foreign countries for First Solar. With respect to proprietary know-how that is not patentable and processes for which patents are difficult to enforce, we rely on, among other things, trade secret protection and confidentiality agreements to safeguard our interests. We believe that many elements of our PV solar module manufacturing processes, including our unique materials sourcing, involve proprietary know-how, technology, or data that are not covered by patents or patent applications, including technical processes, equipment designs, algorithms, and procedures. We have taken security measures to protect these elements. Our R D personnel have entered into confidentiality and proprietary information agreements with us. These agreements address intellectual property protection issues and require our associates, to the extent permitted by law, to assign to us all of the inventions, designs, and technologies they develop during the course of their employment with us that are directed towards our actual or anticipated business. Regulatory, Environmental, Health, and Safety Matters We are subject to various federal, state, local, and international laws and regulations, and are often subject to oversight and regulation in accordance with national and local ordinances relating to building codes, safety, and other matters. The impact of these laws and requirements may increase our overall costs and may delay, prevent, or increase the cost of manufacturing PV modules. As we operate in the U.S. and internationally, we are also subject to the application of U.S. trade laws and trade laws of other countries. Such trade laws and policies, or any other U.S. or global trade remedies or other trade barriers that apply to us given our global operations, may directly or indirectly affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. See Item 1A. Risk Factors Existing regulations and policies, changes thereto, and new regulations and policies may present technical, regulatory, and economic barriers to the purchase and use of PV solar products, which may significantly reduce demand for our modules. We are also subject to the application of various anti-bribery laws, some of which prohibit improper payments to government and non-government persons and entities, and others (e.g., the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the FCPA ) and the U.K. Bribery Act) that extend their application to activities outside their country of origin. We may compete for contracts in and/or source materials from countries that require substantial government contact and where norms can differ from U.S. standards, and not all competitors are subject to compliance with the same anti-bribery laws. See Item 1A. Risk Factors We could be adversely affected by any violations of the FCPA, the U.K. Bribery Act, and other foreign anti-bribery laws. We are also subject to various federal, state, local, and international laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment, including those governing the discharge of pollutants into the air and water; the use, management, and disposal of hazardous materials and wastes; occupational health and safety; and the cleanup of contaminated sites. Our operations include the use, handling, storage, transportation, generation, and disposal of hazardous materials and wastes. Therefore, we could incur substantial costs, including cleanup costs, fines, and civil or criminal sanctions and costs arising from third-party property damage or personal injury claims as a result of violations of, or liabilities under, environmental and occupational health and safety laws and regulations or non-compliance with environmental permits required for our operations. We believe we are currently in substantial compliance with applicable environmental and occupational health and safety requirements and do not expect to incur material expenditures for environmental and occupational health and safety controls in the foreseeable future. 12 Table of Contents However, future developments such as the implementation of new, more stringent laws and regulations, more aggressive enforcement policies, or the discovery of unknown environmental conditions may require expenditures that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. See Item 1A. Risk Factors Environmental obligations and liabilities could have a substantial negative impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. From time to time, we may also be subject to government policies or laws intended to protect human rights. For example, in late 2021 the previous U.S. President signed the Uyghur Forced Labor Prevention Act, which bans the import of goods from China s Xinjiang region into the United States due to concerns about forced labor practices in the region, which provides more than a third of the world s polysilicon supply. While we do not use polysilicon in our solar modules, which mitigates the potential supply chain disruptions and human rights risks associated with such import ban, the implementation of similar restrictions or trade embargoes on the purchase of certain materials or equipment necessary to sustain our manufacturing operations may require expenditures and process changes to ensure our supply chain remains free of such materials, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. We are committed to protecting human rights, enforcing fair labor practices, and addressing the potential risks of forced labor across our own operations and the operations of our suppliers. Human Capital As of December 31, 2025, we had approximately 7,900 associates (our term for full and part-time employees), the majority of which work in the United States, Malaysia, India, and Vietnam. Our success depends, to a significant extent, on our ability to attract, train, and retain management, operations, sales, and technical talent, including associates in foreign jurisdictions. We strive to attract and retain qualified individuals globally to further our mission of providing cost-advantaged solar technology through rigorous safety practices, innovation, customer engagement, industry leadership, and operational excellence. We prohibit discrimination based on race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, or gender identity. As part of our global talent management process, we engage in succession planning by prioritizing the development and retention of associates in critical roles. We follow a pay-for-performance model in which associates are compensated for achieving goals and associated metrics and demonstrating First Solar values. We review associate compensation on a regular basis to ensure internal and external equity, including, among other things, minimum wage and living wage assessments across our global operations. We offer competitive compensation and benefits to our associates, including, for example, health care and other insurance benefits, retirement programs, paid time off, paid parental leave, flexible work schedules, and education assistance, depending on eligibility. We are committed to developing and providing career growth opportunities for our associates. We believe a strong values-based and inclusive culture is essential to the success of our company. We gather and respond to associate feedback in a variety of ways, including through anonymous, periodic associate engagement surveys, pulse surveys, town halls, and one-on-one interactions. Additionally, we have integrated career advancement, mentorship, and leadership programs to ensure the professional growth and development of our talent worldwide. Other than our associates in Vietnam and Sweden, none of our associates are currently represented by labor unions or covered by a collective bargaining agreement. Our associates in Vietnam are represented by the Vietnam General Confederation of Labor. Our associates in Sweden are represented by the Engineers of Sweden. As we continue to expand domestically and internationally, we may encounter regional laws that mandate union representation or associates who desire union representation or a collective bargaining agreement. We recognize that in the locations where we operate, employees have the right to freely associate or not associate with third-party labor organizations, along with the right to bargain or not to bargain collectively in accordance with local laws. 13 Table of Contents Available Information We maintain a website at www.firstsolar.com. We make available free of charge on our website our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements, and any amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such materials with, or furnish them to, the SEC. The information contained in or connected to our website is not incorporated by reference into this report. We use our website as one means of disclosing material non-public information and for complying with our disclosure obligations under the SEC s Regulation FD. Such disclosures are typically included within the Investor Relations section of our website at investor.firstsolar.com. Accordingly, investors should monitor such portions of our website in addition to following our press releases, SEC filings, and public conference calls and webcasts. The SEC also maintains a website at www.sec.gov that contains reports and other information regarding issuers, such as First Solar, that file electronically with the SEC. Information about Our Executive Officers Our executive officers and their ages and positions as of February 24, 2026 were as follows: Name Age Position Mark R. Widmar 60 Chief Executive Officer Alexander R. Bradley 44 Chief Financial Officer Georges Antoun 63 Chief Commercial Officer Michael Koralewski 54 Chief Supply Chain Officer Kuntal Kumar Verma 53 Chief Manufacturing Officer Patrick Buehler 48 Chief Product Officer Markus Gloeckler 52 Chief Technology Officer Caroline Stockdale 62 Chief People and Communications Officer Jason Dymbort 48 General Counsel and Secretary Samantha Sloan 48 Executive Vice President - Corporate Affairs Mark R. Widmar was appointed Chief Executive Officer in July 2016. He joined First Solar in April 2011 as Chief Financial Officer and also served as First Solar s Chief Accounting Officer from February 2012 through June 2015. From March 2015 to June 2016, Mr. Widmar served as the Chief Financial Officer and through June 2018, served as a director on the board of the general partner of 8point3 Energy Partners LP ( 8point3 ), the joint yieldco formed by First Solar and SunPower Corporation in 2015 to own and operate a portfolio of selected solar generation assets. Prior to joining First Solar, Mr. Widmar served as Chief Financial Officer of GrafTech International Ltd., a leading global manufacturer of advanced carbon and graphite materials, from May 2006 through March 2011. Prior to joining GrafTech, Mr. Widmar served as Corporate Controller of NCR Inc. from 2005 to 2006, and was a Business Unit Chief Financial Officer for NCR from November 2002 to his appointment as Controller. He also served as a Division Controller at Dell, Inc. from August 2000 to November 2002. Mr. Widmar also held various financial and managerial positions with Lucent Technologies Inc., Allied Signal, Inc., and Bristol Myers/Squibb, Inc. He began his career in 1987 as an accountant with Ernst Young. He holds a Bachelor of Science in business accounting and a Master of Business Administration from Indiana University. Alexander R. Bradley was appointed Chief Financial Officer in October 2016. He joined First Solar in May 2008, and previously served as Vice President of both Treasury and Project Finance, leading or supporting the structuring, sale, and financing of over $10 billion and approximately 2.7 GW of the Company s worldwide development assets, including several of the largest PV power plant projects in North America. From June 2016 to June 2018, Mr. Bradley also served as an officer and board member of the general partner of 8point3. Prior to joining First Solar, Mr. Bradley worked at HSBC in investment banking and leveraged finance, in London and New York, covering the energy and utilities sector. He received his Master of Arts from the University of Edinburgh, Scotland. He serves as a member of the board of directors of Sandisk Corporation. 14 Table of Contents Georges Antoun was appointed Chief Commercial Officer in July 2016. He joined First Solar in July 2012 as Chief Operating Officer before being appointed as President, U.S. in July 2015. Mr. Antoun has over 30 years of operational and technical experience, including leadership positions at several global technology companies. Prior to joining First Solar, Mr. Antoun served as Venture Partner at Technology Crossover Ventures ( TCV ), a private equity and venture firm that he joined in July 2011. Before joining TCV, Mr. Antoun was the Head of Product Area IP Broadband Networks for Ericsson, based in San Jose, California. Mr. Antoun joined Ericsson in 2007, when Ericsson acquired Redback Networks, a telecommunications equipment company, where Mr. Antoun served as the Senior Vice President of World Wide Sales Operations. After the acquisition, Mr. Antoun was promoted to Chief Executive Officer of the Redback Networks subsidiary. Prior to Redback Networks, Mr. Antoun spent five years at Cisco Systems, where he served as Vice President of Worldwide Systems Engineering and Field Marketing, Vice President of Worldwide Optical Operations, and Vice President of Carrier Sales. Prior to Cisco Systems, he was the Director of Systems Engineering at Newbridge Networks, a data and voice networking company. Mr. Antoun started his career at Nynex (now Verizon Communications), where he was part of its Science and Technology Division. Mr. Antoun serves as a member of the board of directors of Marathon Digital Holdings and MARA Holdings, and serves on the Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta s Energy Advisory Council. He is also the Chairman of the University of Louisiana s College of Engineering Dean s Advisory Council board. He earned a Bachelor of Science degree in engineering from the University of Louisiana at Lafayette and a Master of Science in information systems engineering from NYU Poly. Michael Koralewski was appointed Chief Supply Chain Officer in November 2022 and is accountable for maintaining executive oversight of First Solar s strategic global supply chain. He previously served as First Solar s Chief Manufacturing Operations Officer and provides over 25 years of global operational experience to the executive leadership team. Mr. Koralewski joined First Solar in 2006, serving in several senior roles in operations and quality management, including Senior Vice President, Global Manufacturing since 2015; Vice President, Global Site Operations and Plant Manager since 2011; and Vice President, Global Quality since 2009. In all of these roles Mr. Koralewski has been significantly involved since the beginning of First Solar s manufacturing scaling and expansion from site selection through sustaining operations and supply chain development. Prior to joining First Solar, Mr. Koralewski worked at Dana Incorporated where he held several positions with global responsibility in operations and quality management. He earned a Bachelor of Science in chemical engineering from Case Western Reserve University and a Master of Business Administration from Bowling Green State University. Kuntal Kumar Verma was appointed Chief Manufacturing Officer in November 2022 and previously served as First Solar s Chief Manufacturing Engineering Officer. He is responsible for First Solar s global manufacturing operations and engineering, including its performance and improvement roadmap, global technology scaling, new plant start-ups, and strategic initiatives. Mr. Verma joined First Solar in 2002, serving in progressively more senior roles in engineering and manufacturing, including Vice President, Global Manufacturing Engineering since 2012. Prior to joining First Solar, Mr. Verma held several engineering and operations positions at Reliance Industries Limited, India. He is a Master Black Belt in Six Sigma/Lean Manufacturing with an expert certification in Taguchi Methods (Robust Engineering) and a Certification in Production and Inventory Management from American Production and Inventory Control Society. He earned a Bachelor of Science in mechanical engineering from the National Institute of Technology in India, a Master of Science in industrial engineering from the University of Toledo, and a Master of Business Administration from Bowling Green State University. Patrick Buehler was appointed Chief Product Officer in December 2022, having previously served as Chief Quality and Reliability Officer. Mr. Buehler has over 20 years of operational and technical experience. In his role, Mr. Buehler is responsible for all aspects of product lifecycle management, including understanding market demands, technology trends, and competition to facilitate implementation of new or enhanced products. Mr. Buehler maintains global leadership responsibility for quality and reliability, environmental, health, safety, and security, recycling technology process development and operations, customer service, program management, and strategic initiatives. Mr. Buehler joined First Solar in 2006, serving in progressively more senior technical and operations roles, including Vice President, Quality and Reliability since 2019. Prior to joining First Solar, Mr. Buehler held 15 Table of Contents several roles in manufacturing, engineering, maintenance, and product development at DuPont de Nemours, Inc. and Cummins, Inc. He earned a Bachelor of Science in mechanical engineering from the University of Cincinnati and a Master of Science in mechanical engineering from Purdue University. Markus Gloeckler was appointed Chief Technology Officer in November 2020 after being appointed Co-Chief Technology Officer in July 2020. He is focused on driving First Solar s thin film PV module technology. Mr. Gloeckler has extensive experience guiding strategic research and development activities and served First Solar as Vice President and Chief Scientist before being promoted to Senior Vice President, Module Research and Development. He was instrumental in enabling First Solar s achievement of various world records relating to conversion efficiency for CdTe solar cells. In his role as Vice President of Research, he led the thin film technology transfer from General Electric to First Solar following the intellectual property acquisition in 2013. He joined First Solar in 2005 in an engineering function supporting First Solar s technology development after the initial launch of the Series 2 module. Mr. Gloeckler holds an undergraduate degree in microsystems engineering from the Regensburg University of Applied Sciences in Germany, and a Doctor of Philosophy in physics from Colorado State University. Caroline Stockdale joined First Solar in October 2019 and serves as Chief People and Communications Officer. Prior to joining First Solar, she served as the Chief Executive Officer for First Perform, a provider of human resources services for a variety of customers, from Fortune 100 companies to start-ups. Previously, she served as Chief People Officer for Medtronic from 2010 to 2013 and EVP of Global Human Resources and Business Operations for Warner Music Group from 2005 to 2009. Before joining Warner Music Group, she served as the senior human resources leader in global divisions of American Express from 2002 to 2005 and General Electric from 1997 to 2002. Ms. Stockdale is a member of the Forbes Human Resources Council. Ms. Stockdale holds a Bachelor of Arts in political theories and institutions, and philosophy, from the University of Sheffield, England. Jason Dymbort joined First Solar in March 2008 and was appointed General Counsel and Secretary in July 2020. He oversees First Solar s legal department worldwide, including its transactional, trade, intellectual property, compliance, and corporate governance functions. In addition to his duties as General Counsel and Secretary, Mr. Dymbort directs the Company s advocacy strategies, defining its responses to challenges and opportunities in areas such as trade and industrial policy. With nearly 18 years at First Solar, Mr. Dymbort s experience covers every aspect of the solar value chain, from developing and constructing solar projects to marketing and selling utility-scale solar assets to manufacturing and supply chains. Between 2015 and 2018, Mr. Dymbort served as General Counsel and Secretary for the general partner of 8point3 Energy Partners, then a publicly-traded yieldco and affiliate of First Solar. Before joining First Solar, Mr. Dymbort was a corporate attorney at Cravath, Swaine Moore LLP. He holds a Juris Doctor degree from the University of Pennsylvania Law School, where he was a member of the Penn Law Review, and a bachelor s degree from Brandeis University. Samantha Sloan joined First Solar in August 2009 and was appointed Executive Vice President of Corporate Affairs in April 2025. Ms. Sloan drives the Company s global policy and public affairs, corporate social responsibility, and corporate marketing efforts. In her role, Ms. Sloan primarily works to advocate for domestic energy technology innovation, R D, manufacturing, and trade policy. She also oversees First Solar s global marketing and media relations activities, as well as research, disclosure, and reporting related to the Company s commitment to Responsible Solar. Before joining First Solar, Ms. Sloan served as the head of global strategic marketing of the semiconductor segment at Applied Materials, the world s leading materials engineering solutions company. Ms. Sloan holds a Bachelor of Science in Materials Science and Engineering from the University of California, Berkeley. 16 Table of Contents Item 1A. Risk Factors An investment in our stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the following information, together with the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, before buying shares of our stock. If any of the following risks or uncertainties occur, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected and the trading price of our stock could decline. Summary of Risk Factors The following is a summary of the principal risks and uncertainties that could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations and make an investment in our stock speculative or risky. You should read this summary together with the more detailed description of each risk factor contained below. Risks Related to Our Markets and Customers Competition in solar markets globally and across the solar value chain is intense and could remain that way for an extended period of time. The solar industry may experience periods of structural imbalance between global PV module supply and demand that result in periods of pricing volatility. If our competitors maintain module pricing at levels near or below their manufacturing costs, or are able to operate at minimal or negative operating margins for sustained periods of time, or if global demand for PV modules decreases relative to installed production capacity, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. The modification, reduction, elimination, or expiration of government subsidies, economic incentives, tax incentives, renewable energy targets, and other support for on-grid solar electricity applications, or the impact of other public policies, such as tariffs or other trade remedies imposed on solar cells and modules or related raw materials or equipment, have, and in the future could, negatively impact demand and/or price levels for our solar modules and limit our growth or lead to a reduction in our net sales or increase our costs, thereby adversely impacting our operating results. The loss of any of our large customers, or the inability of our customers and counterparties to perform under their contracts with us, including through terminations by customers of any contract in part or in full, has reduced and, in the future, could significantly reduce our net sales and negatively impact our results of operations. Risks Related to Our Operations, Manufacturing, and Technology We face intense competition from manufacturers of crystalline silicon solar modules; if global supply exceeds global demand, it could lead to a further reduction in the average selling price for PV solar modules, which could reduce our net sales and adversely affect our results of operations. Problems with product quality or performance may cause us to incur significant and/or unexpected contractual damages and/or warranty and related expenses, damage our market reputation, and prevent us from maintaining or increasing our market share. Our failure to further refine our technology and develop and introduce improved PV products, including as a result of delays in implementing planned advancements, could render our solar modules uncompetitive and reduce our net sales, profitability, and/or market share. 17 Table of Contents Several of our key raw materials and components, in particular CdTe, tellurium, products containing tellurium, and substrate glass, and manufacturing equipment are either single-sourced or sourced from a limited number of suppliers, and their failure to perform could cause manufacturing delays, especially as we expand or seek to expand our business, and/or impair our ability to deliver solar modules to customers in the required quality and quantities and at a price that is profitable to us. Our failure to effectively manage module manufacturing and related costs, including costs related to raw materials and logistics services, could render our solar modules uncompetitive and reduce our net sales, profitability, and/or market share. Our future success depends on our ability to effectively balance manufacturing production with market demand, effectively manage our cost per watt, and, when necessary, continue to build new manufacturing plants over time in response to market demand, all of which are subject to risks and uncertainties. We may be unable to generate sufficient cash flows or have access to the sources of external financing necessary to fund planned capital investments in manufacturing capacity and product development. Our failure to protect or successfully commercialize our intellectual property rights may undermine our competitive position, and litigation to protect our intellectual property rights or defend against third-party allegations of infringement may be costly. Risks Related to Regulations We have received and expect to continue to receive certain financial benefits as a result of tax incentives enacted by the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 and amended by the One Big Beautiful Bill Act of 2025. If these financial benefits vary significantly from our assumptions, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. Existing regulations and policies, changes thereto, and new regulations and policies may present technical, regulatory, and economic barriers to the purchase and use of PV solar products, which may significantly reduce demand for our modules. General Risk Factors Cybersecurity incidents or information or security breaches, or those of third parties with which we do business, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 18 Table of Contents Risks Related to Our Markets and Customers Competition in solar markets globally and across the solar value chain is intense and could remain that way for an extended period of time. The solar industry may experience periods of structural imbalance between global PV module supply and demand that result in periods of pricing volatility, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. In the aggregate, we believe manufacturers of solar cells and modules have significant installed production capacity, relative to global demand, and the ability for additional capacity expansion. For example, we estimate that in 2025 approximately 105 GW of capacity was added by solar module manufacturers, primarily in China. We believe the solar industry may from time to time experience periods of structural imbalance between supply and demand, and that excess capacity will continue to put pressure on pricing. Module average selling prices in many global markets have declined. However, recent module pricing in the United States, our primary market, has remained stable due, in part, to the rising demand for domestically manufactured modules as a result of the IRA, energy tax credit eligibility restrictions (including foreign-entity-related limitations) as amended by the OBBBA, and tariffs on modules imported into the United States. There may be additional pressure on global demand and average selling prices in the future resulting from fluctuating demand in certain major solar markets, such as China. If our competitors maintain module pricing at levels near or below their manufacturing costs, or are able to operate at minimal or negative operating margins for sustained periods of time, or if global demand for PV modules decreases relative to installed production capacity, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. The modification, reduction, elimination, or expiration of government subsidies, economic incentives, eligibility limitations, tax incentives, renewable energy targets, and other support for on-grid solar electricity applications, or the impact of other public policies, such as tariffs or other trade remedies imposed on solar cells and modules or related raw materials or equipment, have, and in the future could, negatively impact demand and/or price levels for our solar modules and limit our growth or lead to a reduction in our net sales or increase our costs, thereby adversely impacting our operating results. Although we believe that solar energy will experience widespread adoption in those applications where it competes economically with traditional forms of energy without any incentive programs, in certain markets our net sales and profits remain subject to variability based on the availability and size of government subsidies and economic incentives. Federal, state, and local governmental bodies in many countries have provided subsidies in the form of feed-in-tariff structures, rebates, tax incentives, and other incentives to end users, distributors, system integrators, and manufacturers of PV solar products. Many of these incentive programs expire, phase down over time, require renewal by the applicable authority, or may be amended. To the extent government incentive programs are reduced earlier than previously expected, are changed retroactively, or are not renewed, such changes have and could negatively impact demand and/or price levels for our solar modules, lead to a reduction in our net sales, and adversely impact our operating results. Current regulatory policies, or any future changes or threatened changes to such policies, may subject us to significant risks, including the following: a reduction or removal of certain energy programs and initiatives and the incentives they provide may diminish the market for future solar energy off-take agreements, slow the retirement of aging fossil fuel plants, including the retirements of coal generation plants, and reduce the ability for solar project developers to compete for off-take agreements, which may reduce PV solar module sales; 19 Table of Contents any limitations on the value or availability to manufacturers or potential investors of tax incentives that benefit solar energy production, sales, or projects, such as the Section 45X advanced manufacturing production credit, ITC, and PTC, as seen in the accelerated termination of certain energy tax credits under the One Big Beautiful Bill the U.S. President signed into law on July 4, 2025, could result in reducing such manufacturers or investors economic returns and could cause a reduction in the availability of financing, thereby reducing demand for PV solar modules; any incentives contingent upon domestic production of modules, such as tax incentives set forth under the IRA, could limit our ability to sell modules manufactured in certain foreign jurisdictions, which may adversely impact our module average selling prices and could require us to record significant charges to earnings should we determine that the manufacturing facilities and equipment in such foreign jurisdictions are impaired; and any effort to overturn federal and state laws, regulations, or policies that are supportive of solar energy generation or that remove costs or other limitations on other types of electricity generation that compete with solar energy projects could negatively impact our ability to compete with traditional forms of electricity generation and materially and adversely affect our business. Application of trade laws may also adversely impact, either directly or indirectly, our operating results; for example, by impacting our customers project costs, profitability, and their demand for our modules; or by impacting our own costs or disrupting our manufacturing or supply chains, and consequently negatively impacting demand and/or price levels for our solar modules, reducing our net sales, or affecting potential profitability of fulfilling customer contracts. We are therefore potentially subject to various risks, which include the following: any tariffs that reduce the profitability of contracts, whereby the cost of tariffs exceeds the amount able to be, or willing to be, absorbed by either us or the customer under the provisions of the contract and may lead to us or the customer cancelling such contract, potentially resulting in the reduction of future revenue, the loss of the contractual right to a termination payment from the customer, and potentially the required return of a previously received customer down payment; any reciprocal or other tariffs may place burdens on our customers supply chains exclusive of module import costs, including through increased costs of trackers, inverters, transformers, and other imported equipment, which are often heavily dependent on Chinese supply chains. These and other costs could result in an inability for certain projects to generate profitable returns, and may lead to the delay or abandonment of such projects, thereby reducing or removing demand for currently contracted PV module sales; and any reduction in our ability to profitably import modules from our international manufacturing locations as a result of tariffs or other trade laws could lead to us significantly reducing capacity utilization at certain international manufacturing facilities. Such underutilization may lead to potential impairment of certain international equipment and facilities and may also increase our selling costs and reduce our competitiveness in the market, thereby reducing demand for our modules. In some instances, the application of trade laws is currently beneficial to us, and changes in their application could have an adverse impact. The overall impact of trade laws on our business depends on multiple factors, including their duration, their scope and potential expansion thereof, enforcement, retaliatory measures by impacted exporting countries, inflationary effects and broader macroeconomic responses, changes to consumer purchasing behavior, and the effectiveness of our responses in managing these impacts. Recent developments include the following: United States IEEPA Tariffs . In 2025, the U.S. President imposed a series of tariffs on nearly all U.S. trading partners pursuant to the International Emergency Economic Powers Act of 1977 ( IEEPA ). As it pertains to the countries where we manufacture solar modules, IEEPA tariffs applied to Vietnam (20%), India (25%), and Malaysia (19%). In August 2025, the U.S. President had imposed an additional 25% tariff 20 Table of Contents on India over its purchases of Russian oil, resulting in an overall rate of 50%. On February 20, 2026, the U.S. Supreme Court ruled the IEEPA tariffs unlawful. President Trump responded immediately by revoking the IEEPA tariff actions and imposing new global tariffs pursuant to Section 122 of the Trade Act of 1974 ( Section 122 ), which provides for tariffs up to 15% for a period of no more than 150 days. The additional, higher tariffs on imports from these countries has increased the costs of our solar modules manufactured in these countries with respect to our U.S. market. Further, such circumstances have and may continue to impact our ability to sell certain modules into the United States and therefore have and may continue to also impact the operational status of certain of our international manufacturing facilities. As a result, our operating results have and may continue to be adversely impacted by these tariffs. United States Additional Tariffs on Certain Chinese Imports . The United States currently imposes tariffs on various articles imported from China, including tariffs of 50% on crystalline silicon solar cells and tariffs of 25% on modules, based on an investigation under Section 301 of the Trade Act of 1974. The U.S. President imposed an additional 10% tariff on all imports from China, related to the national security threat posed by China s trade in fentanyl and other illegal narcotics and a 10% reciprocal tariff on China, effective until November 10, 2026, under IEEPA. On February 20, 2026, the U.S. Supreme Court ruled the IEEPA tariffs unlawful, and President Trump immediately revoked the IEEPA tariff actions, including the additional tariffs on China, and replaced them with a new global tariff pursuant to Section 122. Our operating results could be adversely impacted by revocation of the IEEPA tariffs on China. United States Port Fees on Certain Chinese Vessel Operators and Chinese Vessel Owners. On April 17, 2025, the Office of the U.S. Trade Representative published a notice of final action based on an investigation under Section 301 of the Trade Act of 1974 into China s targeting of the maritime, logistics, and shipbuilding sectors for dominance. The action imposes new port fees on Chinese vessel operators and/or Chinese vessel owners as well as on non-Chinese operators of Chinese-origin vessels beginning on October 14, 2025. The level of fees is on a sliding scale per net ton or, in the case of non-Chinese operators, the higher of a net ton or container-based fee. Effective November 10, 2025, however, the United States suspended implementation of such action for one year. Once implemented, such fees may impact our logistics services and consequently impact our profitability and results of operations. United States Tariffs on Certain Foreign-imported Aluminum, Steel, Copper, Timber and Lumber. Effective June 4, 2025, the U.S. President increased tariffs on imported aluminum and steel articles under Section 232 of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962 ( Section 232 ) from 25% to 50%. Effective August 1, 2025, the U.S. President imposed tariffs of 50% on copper under Section 232. Effective October 14, 2025, the U.S. President imposed tariffs of 10% on imported softwood timber and lumber products under Section 232. Such tariffs and policies, or any other U.S. or global trade remedies or other trade barriers, may directly or indirectly affect U.S. or global markets for solar energy and our business, financial condition, and results of operations. United States Potential Tariffs on Processed Critical Minerals and Derivative Products, Polysilicon, Robotics and Industrial Machinery. On April 22, 2025, the U.S. Secretary of Commerce initiated an investigation to determine the effects on the national security of imports of processed critical minerals, as well as their derivative products, under Section 232; on July 1, 2025, the U.S. Secretary of Commerce initiated a Section 232 investigation to determine whether imports of polysilicon and its derivatives impair U.S. national security; and on September 2, 2025, the U.S. Secretary of Commerce initiated an investigation to determine the effects on the national security of imports of robotics and industrial machinery under Section 232. The scope of these investigations is potentially broad and may cover materials and equipment used in solar module manufacturing. These investigations may result in the imposition of tariffs or import restrictions, or may remove barriers on the imports of competitor products and materials, all of which could negatively impact demand and/or price levels for our solar modules and limit our growth, lead to a reduction in our net sales, or increase our costs, thereby adversely impacting our operating results. 21 Table of Contents United States Antidumping and Countervailing Duties on Certain Imported Crystalline Silicon PV Cells and Modules. The United States currently imposes AD/CVDs on certain imported crystalline silicon PV cells and modules from China and Taiwan. Such AD/CVDs can change over time pursuant to annual administrative reviews conducted by the U.S. Department of Commerce ( USDOC ), and a decline in duty rates or USDOC failure to fully enforce U.S. AD/CVD laws could have an adverse impact on our operating results. In August 2023, the USDOC issued final affirmative circumvention rulings, finding that solar modules completed in Cambodia, Malaysia, Thailand, and Vietnam using parts and components produced in China circumvent the pre-existing AD/CVD orders on China. Such duties apply to circumventing imports on or after June 6, 2024, as well as any circumventing imports prior to that date that were not used or installed on or before December 3, 2024. Our operating results could be adversely impacted if the USDOC and other U.S. government agencies do not enforce the affirmative circumvention rulings as expected or if pending litigation challenges result in a modification of the rulings. Conversely, effective enforcement could positively impact our operating results. United States Antidumping and Countervailing Duties on Certain Traded Solar Products. In April 2024, the American Alliance for Solar Manufacturing Trade Committee, which includes First Solar, filed a set of AD/CVD petitions with the USDOC and the U.S. International Trade Commission ( USITC ) to impose duties on certain unfairly traded solar products from Cambodia, Malaysia, Thailand, and Vietnam. On April 21, 2025, the USDOC announced final determinations in the AD/CVD investigations. Final AD/CVD rates ranged from de minimis to over 3,400%, depending on the particular foreign producer. On June 9, 2025, the USITC notified USDOC of its final affirmative determinations in the AD/CVD investigations. AD/CVD orders, including the assessment of AD/CVDs and suspension of liquidation of such products, were issued on June 9, 2025. On July 17, 2025, the Alliance for American Solar Manufacturing and Trade filed another set of AD/CVD petitions with the USDOC and the USITC to impose duties on unfairly traded crystalline silicon solar products from India, Indonesia, and Laos. In August 2025, the USITC issued affirmative preliminary determinations. The USDOC is expected to issue its preliminary countervailing duty determinations in February 2026 and preliminary antidumping duty determinations in April 2026. India Domestic and Foreign Imports. The Approved List of Models and Manufacturers ( ALMM ) was introduced in 2021 as a non-tariff barrier to incentivize domestic manufacturing of PV modules by approving the list of models and manufacturers who can participate in certain solar development projects. The ALMM is approved by the Ministry of New and Renewable Energy ( MNRE ), and any modifications to the ALMM and its application may affect future investments in solar module manufacturing in India. In April 2024, the government of India reimposed the ALMM, thereby requiring solar project developers to procure qualifying modules from companies on the list, which includes our Indian manufacturing facility. Also in April 2024, the ALMM was amended to include specific minimum conversion efficiency thresholds for CdTe solar technologies starting at 18% for solar lighting, 18.5% for rooftop applications, and 19% for utility-scale applications. In December 2024, the ALMM was amended to require nearly all solar development projects to use PV modules that contain domestically manufactured solar cells, which is expected to be effective for such projects completed on or after June 2026; in August 2025, the relevant list of qualifying entities was released, which included First Solar as an approved manufacturer. In September 2025, the MNRE released draft amendments that would require nearly all solar development projects to use PV modules that contain domestically manufactured wafers, which is expected to be effective for such projects completed on or after June 2028; the proposed list was released at that time, which included First Solar as an approved manufacturer. In November 2025, the MNRE released a draft proposal that would increase the minimum efficiency of PV modules for manufacturers to be included in the ALMM beginning in 2027. If enacted, the proposal would negatively impact our ability to sell modules within the Indian market. Our operating results could also be adversely impacted if the ALMM requirements are significantly relaxed to allow modules, solar cells, or certain other key module components to be imported from other countries. 22 Table of Contents India Import Duty Tariffs. In April 2022, the Indian government began imposing import duty tariffs of 40% on solar modules and 25% on solar cells. In connection with such April 2022 tariffs, the Indian government also implemented a regulation mandating that any solar project with federal utility, state utility, or commercial and industrial off-takers that interconnects through government owned transmission lines only use solar modules from manufacturers included in the ALMM, and a requirement that all federal procurement of solar modules be only from cells and modules produced domestically. However, in February 2025, the Indian government began imposing import duty tariffs of 20% each on solar modules and cells and levied additional tax on certain commercial agricultural production, which included a tax of 20% on solar modules and 7.5% on solar cells. Therefore, the aggregate impact on the import of solar modules and cells is 40% and 27.5%, respectively. These examples show that established markets for PV solar development face uncertainties arising from policy, regulatory, and governmental actions. While the expected potential of the markets we are targeting is significant, policy promulgation and market development are especially vulnerable to governmental inertia, political instability, changing government policy and priorities, the imposition or lowering of trade remedies and other trade barriers, geopolitical risk, fossil fuel subsidization, potentially stringent localization requirements, and limited available infrastructure. Any negative impacts from changes in policy, regulatory, and governmental actions could negatively affect our business, reduce our net sales, profitability and/or market share, and consequently affect our results of operations, prospects, and financial condition. The loss of any of our large customers, or the inability of our customers and counterparties to perform under their contracts with us, including through terminations by customers of any contract in part or in full, has reduced and, in the future, could significantly reduce our net sales and negatively impact our results of operations. Our customers include developers and operators of systems, utilities, independent power producers, commercial and industrial companies, and other system owners, who may experience intense competition at the system level, thereby constraining the ability for such customers to sustain meaningful and consistent profitability. The loss of any of our large customers, their inability to perform under their contracts, or their default in payment has reduced and, in the future, could significantly reduce our net sales and/or adversely impact our operating results. While our contracts with customers typically have certain firm purchase commitments and may require our customers to make payments to us if a contract is terminated in certain circumstances, those contract terms have in the past and may in the future be breached by our customers or subject to renegotiation. These contract breaches and renegotiations have and may continue to reduce the volume of modules sold under the relevant contracts, postpone delivery schedules, and/or otherwise decrease the revenue we realize under these contracts and, correspondingly, negatively impact, potentially significantly, our results of operations. This includes cases where our ability to subsequently resell solar modules sold under terminated and/or renegotiated contracts may be constrained by the project lead times of our customers, their required module specifications, or other factors. For example, on September 30, 2025, First Solar filed a complaint in the Supreme Court of the State of New York asserting that BP Solar Holding LLC and its affiliate Lightsource Renewable Energy Trading, LLC breached their contractual obligations with First Solar, having entered into various master supply agreements to purchase solar modules from First Solar and then refusing to pay the amounts owed under the purchase orders. See Part I Item 3. Legal Proceedings for additional information. Additionally, although we require some form of payment security from our customers, such as cash deposits, parent guarantees, bank guarantees, surety bonds, or commercial letters of credit, in the event the providers of such payment security fail to perform their obligations, our operating results could be adversely impacted. 23 Table of Contents An increase in interest rates or tightening of the supply of capital in the global financial markets (including a reduction in total tax equity availability) could make it difficult for customers to finance the cost of a PV solar power system and could reduce the demand for our modules and/or lead to a reduction in the average selling price for our modules. Many of our customers depend on debt and/or equity financing to fund the initial capital expenditure required to develop, build, and/or purchase a PV solar power system. As a result, an increase in interest rates, or a reduction in the supply of project debt financing or tax equity investments, could reduce the number of solar projects that receive financing or otherwise make it difficult for our customers to secure the financing necessary to develop, build, purchase, or install a PV solar power system on favorable terms, or at all, and thus lower demand for our solar modules, which could limit our growth or reduce our net sales. For additional information, see the Risk Factor entitled, The modification, reduction, elimination, or expiration of government subsidies, economic incentives, eligibility limitations, tax incentives, renewable energy targets, and other support for on-grid solar electricity applications, or the impact of other public policies, such as tariffs or other trade remedies imposed on solar cells and modules or related raw materials or equipment, have, and in the future could, negatively impact demand and/or price levels for our solar modules and limit our growth or lead to a reduction in our net sales or increase our costs, thereby adversely impacting our operating results. In addition, we believe that a significant percentage of our customers install systems as an investment, funding the initial capital expenditure through a combination of equity and debt. An increase in interest rates could lower an investor s return on investment in a system, increase equity return requirements, or make alternative investments more attractive relative to PV solar power systems and, in each case, could cause these customers to seek alternative investments. We