=== FSLR_2026-02-24.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors An investment in our stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the following information, together with the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, before buying shares of our stock. If any of the following risks or uncertainties occur, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected and the trading price of our stock could decline. Summary of Risk Factors The following is a summary of the principal risks and uncertainties that could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations and make an investment in our stock speculative or risky. You should read this summary together with the more detailed description of each risk factor contained below. Risks Related to Our Markets and Customers • Competition in solar markets globally and across the solar value chain is intense and could remain that way for an extended period of time. The solar industry may experience periods of structural imbalance between global PV module supply and demand that result in periods of pricing volatility. If our competitors maintain module pricing at levels near or below their manufacturing costs, or are able to operate at minimal or negative operating margins for sustained periods of time, or if global demand for PV modules decreases relative to installed production capacity, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. • The modification, reduction, elimination, or expiration of government subsidies, economic incentives, tax incentives, renewable energy targets, and other support for on-grid solar electricity applications, or the impact of other public policies, such as tariffs or other trade remedies imposed on solar cells and modules or related raw materials or equipment, have, and in the future could, negatively impact demand and/or price levels for our solar modules and limit our growth or lead to a reduction in our net sales or increase our costs, thereby adversely impacting our operating results. • The loss of any of our large customers, or the inability of our customers and counterparties to perform under their contracts with us, including through terminations by customers of any contract in part or in full, has reduced and, in the future, could significantly reduce our net sales and negatively impact our results of operations. Risks Related to Our Operations, Manufacturing, and Technology • We face intense competition from manufacturers of crystalline silicon solar modules; if global supply exceeds global demand, it could lead to a further reduction in the average selling price for PV solar modules, which could reduce our net sales and adversely affect our results of operations. • Problems with product quality or performance may cause us to incur significant and/or unexpected contractual damages and/or warranty and related expenses, damage our market reputation, and prevent us from maintaining or increasing our market share. • Our failure to further refine our technology and develop and introduce improved PV products, including as a result of delays in implementing planned advancements, could render our solar modules uncompetitive and reduce our net sales, profitability, and/or market share. 17 Table of Contents • Several of our key raw materials and components, in particular CdTe, tellurium, products containing tellurium, and substrate glass, and manufacturing equipment are either single-sourced or sourced from a limited number of suppliers, and their failure to perform could cause manufacturing delays, especially as we expand or seek to expand our business, and/or impair our ability to deliver solar modules to customers in the required quality and quantities and at a price that is profitable to us. • Our failure to effectively manage module manufacturing and related costs, including costs related to raw materials and logistics services, could render our solar modules uncompetitive and reduce our net sales, profitability, and/or market share. • Our future success depends on our ability to effectively balance manufacturing production with market demand, effectively manage our cost per watt, and, when necessary, continue to build new manufacturing plants over time in response to market demand, all of which are subject to risks and uncertainties. • We may be unable to generate sufficient cash flows or have access to the sources of external financing necessary to fund planned capital investments in manufacturing capacity and product development. • Our failure to protect or successfully commercialize our intellectual property rights may undermine our competitive position, and litigation to protect our intellectual property rights or defend against third-party allegations of infringement may be costly. Risks Related to Regulations • We have received and expect to continue to receive certain financial benefits as a result of tax incentives enacted by the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 and amended by the One Big Beautiful Bill Act of 2025. If these financial benefits vary significantly from our assumptions, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. • Existing regulations and policies, changes thereto, and new regulations and policies may present technical, regulatory, and economic barriers to the purchase and use of PV solar products, which may significantly reduce demand for our modules. General Risk Factors • Cybersecurity incidents or information or security breaches, or those of third parties with which we do business, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 18 Table of Contents Risks Related to Our Markets and Customers Competition in solar markets globally and across the solar value chain is intense and could remain that way for an extended period of time. The solar industry may experience periods of structural imbalance between global PV module supply and demand that result in periods of pricing volatility, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. In the aggregate, we believe manufacturers of solar cells and modules have significant installed production capacity, relative to global demand, and the ability for additional capacity expansion. For example, we estimate that in 2025 approximately 105 GW of capacity was added by solar module manufacturers, primarily in China. We believe the solar industry may from time to time experience periods of structural imbalance between supply and demand, and that excess capacity will continue to put pressure on pricing. Module average selling prices in many global markets have declined. However, recent module pricing in the United States, our primary market, has remained stable due, in part, to the rising demand for domestically manufactured modules as a result of the IRA, energy tax credit eligibility restrictions (including foreign-entity-related limitations) as amended by the OBBBA, and tariffs on modules imported into the United States. There may be additional pressure on global demand and average selling prices in the future resulting from fluctuating demand in certain major solar markets, such as China. If our competitors maintain module pricing at levels near or below their manufacturing costs, or are able to operate at minimal or negative operating margins for sustained periods of time, or if global demand for PV modules decreases relative to installed production capacity, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. The modification, reduction, elimination, or expiration of government subsidies, economic incentives, eligibility limitations, tax incentives, renewable energy targets, and other support for on-grid solar electricity applications, or the impact of other public policies, such as tariffs or other trade remedies imposed on solar cells and modules or related raw materials or equipment, have, and in the future could, negatively impact demand and/or price levels for our solar modules and limit our growth or lead to a reduction in our net sales or increase our costs, thereby adversely impacting our operating results. Although we believe that solar energy will experience widespread adoption in those applications where it competes economically with traditional forms of energy without any incentive programs, in certain markets our net sales and profits remain subject to variability based on the availability and size of government subsidies and economic incentives. Federal, state, and local governmental bodies in many countries have provided subsidies in the form of feed-in-tariff structures, rebates, tax incentives, and other incentives to end users, distributors, system integrators, and manufacturers of PV solar products. Many of these incentive programs expire, phase down over time, require renewal by the applicable authority, or may be amended. To the extent government incentive programs are reduced earlier than previously expected, are changed retroactively, or are not renewed, such changes have and could negatively impact demand and/or price levels for our solar modules, lead to a reduction in our net sales, and adversely impact our operating results. Current regulatory policies, or any future changes or threatened changes to such policies, may subject us to significant risks, including the following: • a reduction or removal of certain energy programs and initiatives and the incentives they provide may diminish the market for future solar energy off-take agreements, slow the retirement of aging fossil fuel plants, including the retirements of coal generation plants, and reduce the ability for solar project developers to compete for off-take agreements, which may reduce PV solar module sales; 19 Table of Contents • any limitations on the value or availability to manufacturers or potential investors of tax incentives that benefit solar energy production, sales, or projects, such as the Section 45X advanced manufacturing production credit, ITC, and PTC, as seen in the accelerated termination of certain energy tax credits under the “One Big Beautiful Bill” the U.S. President signed into law on July 4, 2025, could result in reducing such manufacturers’ or investors’ economic returns and could cause a reduction in the availability of financing, thereby reducing demand for PV solar modules; • any incentives contingent upon domestic production of modules, such as tax incentives set forth under the IRA, could limit our ability to sell modules manufactured in certain foreign jurisdictions, which may adversely impact our module average selling prices and could require us to record significant charges to earnings should we determine that the manufacturing facilities and equipment in such foreign jurisdictions are impaired; and • any effort to overturn federal and state laws, regulations, or policies that are supportive of solar energy generation or that remove costs or other limitations on other types of electricity generation that compete with solar energy projects could negatively impact our ability to compete with traditional forms of electricity generation and materially and adversely affect our business. Application of trade laws may also adversely impact, either directly or indirectly, our operating results; for example, by impacting our customers’ project costs, profitability, and their demand for our modules; or by impacting our own costs or disrupting our manufacturing or supply chains, and consequently negatively impacting demand and/or price levels for our solar modules, reducing our net sales, or affecting potential profitability of fulfilling customer contracts. We are therefore potentially subject to various risks, which include the following: • any tariffs that reduce the profitability of contracts, whereby the cost of tariffs exceeds the amount able to be, or willing to be, absorbed by either us or the customer under the provisions of the contract and may lead to us or the customer cancelling such contract, potentially resulting in the reduction of future revenue, the loss of the contractual right to a termination payment from the customer, and potentially the required return of a previously received customer down payment; • any reciprocal or other tariffs may place burdens on our customers’ supply chains exclusive of module import costs, including through increased costs of trackers, inverters, transformers, and other imported equipment, which are often heavily dependent on Chinese supply chains. These and other costs could result in an inability for certain projects to generate profitable returns, and may lead to the delay or abandonment of such projects, thereby reducing or removing demand for currently contracted PV module sales; and • any reduction in our ability to profitably import modules from our international manufacturing locations as a result of tariffs or other trade laws could lead to us significantly reducing capacity utilization at certain international manufacturing facilities. Such underutilization may lead to potential impairment of certain international equipment and facilities and may also increase our selling costs and reduce our competitiveness in the market, thereby reducing demand for our modules. In some instances, the application of trade laws is currently beneficial to us, and changes in their application could have an adverse impact. The overall impact of trade laws on our business depends on multiple factors, including their duration, their scope and potential expansion thereof, enforcement, retaliatory measures by impacted exporting countries, inflationary effects and broader macroeconomic responses, changes to consumer purchasing behavior, and the effectiveness of our responses in managing these impacts. Recent developments include the following: • United States — IEEPA Tariffs . In 2025, the U.S. President imposed a series of tariffs on nearly all U.S. trading partners pursuant to the International Emergency Economic Powers Act of 1977 (“IEEPA”). As it pertains to the countries where we manufacture solar modules, IEEPA tariffs applied to Vietnam (20%), India (25%), and Malaysia (19%). In August 2025, the U.S. President had imposed an additional 25% tariff 20 Table of Contents on India over its purchases of Russian oil, resulting in an overall rate of 50%. On February 20, 2026, the U.S. Supreme Court ruled the IEEPA tariffs unlawful. President Trump responded immediately by revoking the IEEPA tariff actions and imposing new global tariffs pursuant to Section 122 of the Trade Act of 1974 (“Section 122”), which provides for tariffs up to 15% for a period of no more than 150 days. The additional, higher tariffs on imports from these countries has increased the costs of our solar modules manufactured in these countries with respect to our U.S. market. Further, such circumstances have and may continue to impact our ability to sell certain modules into the United States and therefore have and may continue to also impact the operational status of certain of our international manufacturing facilities. As a result, our operating results have and may continue to be adversely impacted by these tariffs. • United States — Additional Tariffs on Certain Chinese Imports . The United States currently imposes tariffs on various articles imported from China, including tariffs of 50% on crystalline silicon solar cells and tariffs of 25% on modules, based on an investigation under Section 301 of the Trade Act of 1974. The U.S. President imposed an additional 10% tariff on all imports from China, related to the national security threat posed by China’s trade in fentanyl and other illegal narcotics and a 10% reciprocal tariff on China, effective until November 10, 2026, under IEEPA. On February 20, 2026, the U.S. Supreme Court ruled the IEEPA tariffs unlawful, and President Trump immediately revoked the IEEPA tariff actions, including the additional tariffs on China, and replaced them with a new global tariff pursuant to Section 122. Our operating results could be adversely impacted by revocation of the IEEPA tariffs on China. • United States — Port Fees on Certain Chinese Vessel Operators and Chinese Vessel Owners. On April 17, 2025, the Office of the U.S. Trade Representative published a notice of final action based on an investigation under Section 301 of the Trade Act of 1974 into China’s targeting of the maritime, logistics, and shipbuilding sectors for dominance. The action imposes new port fees on Chinese vessel operators and/or Chinese vessel owners as well as on non-Chinese operators of Chinese-origin vessels beginning on October 14, 2025. The level of fees is on a sliding scale per net ton or, in the case of non-Chinese operators, the higher of a net ton or container-based fee. Effective November 10, 2025, however, the United States suspended implementation of such action for one year. Once implemented, such fees may impact our logistics services and consequently impact our profitability and results of operations. • United States — Tariffs on Certain Foreign-imported Aluminum, Steel, Copper, Timber and Lumber. Effective June 4, 2025, the U.S. President increased tariffs on imported aluminum and steel articles under Section 232 of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962 (“Section 232”) from 25% to 50%. Effective August 1, 2025, the U.S. President imposed tariffs of 50% on copper under Section 232. Effective October 14, 2025, the U.S. President imposed tariffs of 10% on imported softwood timber and lumber products under Section 232. Such tariffs and policies, or any other U.S. or global trade remedies or other trade barriers, may directly or indirectly affect U.S. or global markets for solar energy and our business, financial condition, and results of operations. • United States — Potential Tariffs on Processed Critical Minerals and Derivative Products, Polysilicon, Robotics and Industrial Machinery. On April 22, 2025, the U.S. Secretary of Commerce initiated an investigation to determine the effects on the national security of imports of processed critical minerals, as well as their derivative products, under Section 232; on July 1, 2025, the U.S. Secretary of Commerce initiated a Section 232 investigation to determine whether imports of polysilicon and its derivatives impair U.S. national security; and on September 2, 2025, the U.S. Secretary of Commerce initiated an investigation to determine the effects on the national security of imports of robotics and industrial machinery under Section 232. The scope of these investigations is potentially broad and may cover materials and equipment used in solar module manufacturing. These investigations may result in the imposition of tariffs or import restrictions, or may remove barriers on the imports of competitor products and materials, all of which could negatively impact demand and/or price levels for our solar modules and limit our growth, lead to a reduction in our net sales, or increase our costs, thereby adversely impacting our operating results. 21 Table of Contents • United States — Antidumping and Countervailing Duties on Certain Imported Crystalline Silicon PV Cells and Modules. The United States currently imposes AD/CVDs on certain imported crystalline silicon PV cells and modules from China and Taiwan. Such AD/CVDs can change over time pursuant to annual administrative reviews conducted by the U.S. Department of Commerce (“USDOC”), and a decline in duty rates or USDOC failure to fully enforce U.S. AD/CVD laws could have an adverse impact on our operating results. In August 2023, the USDOC issued final affirmative circumvention rulings, finding that solar modules completed in Cambodia, Malaysia, Thailand, and Vietnam using parts and components produced in China circumvent the pre-existing AD/CVD orders on China. Such duties apply to circumventing imports on or after June 6, 2024, as well as any circumventing imports prior to that date that were not used or installed on or before December 3, 2024. Our operating results could be adversely impacted if the USDOC and other U.S. government agencies do not enforce the affirmative circumvention rulings as expected or if pending litigation challenges result in a modification of the rulings. Conversely, effective enforcement could positively impact our operating results. • United States — Antidumping and Countervailing Duties on Certain Traded Solar Products. In April 2024, the American Alliance for Solar Manufacturing Trade Committee, which includes First Solar, filed a set of AD/CVD petitions with the USDOC and the U.S. International Trade Commission (“USITC”) to impose duties on certain unfairly traded solar products from Cambodia, Malaysia, Thailand, and Vietnam. On April 21, 2025, the USDOC announced final determinations in the AD/CVD investigations. Final AD/CVD rates ranged from de minimis to over 3,400%, depending on the particular foreign producer. On June 9, 2025, the USITC notified USDOC of its final affirmative determinations in the AD/CVD investigations. AD/CVD orders, including the assessment of AD/CVDs and suspension of liquidation of such products, were issued on June 9, 2025. On July 17, 2025, the Alliance for American Solar Manufacturing and Trade filed another set of AD/CVD petitions with the USDOC and the USITC to impose duties on unfairly traded crystalline silicon solar products from India, Indonesia, and Laos. In August 2025, the USITC issued affirmative preliminary determinations. The USDOC is expected to issue its preliminary countervailing duty determinations in February 2026 and preliminary antidumping duty determinations in April 2026. • India — Domestic and Foreign Imports. The Approved List of Models and Manufacturers (“ALMM”) was introduced in 2021 as a non-tariff barrier to incentivize domestic manufacturing of PV modules by approving the list of models and manufacturers who can participate in certain solar development projects. The ALMM is approved by the Ministry of New and Renewable Energy (“MNRE”), and any modifications to the ALMM and its application may affect future investments in solar module manufacturing in India. In April 2024, the government of India reimposed the ALMM, thereby requiring solar project developers to procure qualifying modules from companies on the list, which includes our Indian manufacturing facility. Also in April 2024, the ALMM was amended to include specific minimum conversion efficiency thresholds for CdTe solar technologies starting at 18% for solar lighting, 18.5% for rooftop applications, and 19% for utility-scale applications. In December 2024, the ALMM was amended to require nearly all solar development projects to use PV modules that contain domestically manufactured solar cells, which is expected to be effective for such projects completed on or after June 2026; in August 2025, the relevant list of qualifying entities was released, which included First Solar as an approved manufacturer. In September 2025, the MNRE released draft amendments that would require nearly all solar development projects to use PV modules that contain domestically manufactured wafers, which is expected to be effective for such projects completed on or after June 2028; the proposed list was released at that time, which included First Solar as an approved manufacturer. In November 2025, the MNRE released a draft proposal that would increase the minimum efficiency of PV modules for manufacturers to be included in the ALMM beginning in 2027. If enacted, the proposal would negatively impact our ability to sell modules within the Indian market. Our operating results could also be adversely impacted if the ALMM requirements are significantly relaxed to allow modules, solar cells, or certain other key module components to be imported from other countries. 22 Table of Contents • India — Import Duty Tariffs. In April 2022, the Indian government began imposing import duty tariffs of 40% on solar modules and 25% on solar cells. In connection with such April 2022 tariffs, the Indian government also implemented a regulation mandating that any solar project with federal utility, state utility, or commercial and industrial off-takers that interconnects through government owned transmission lines only use solar modules from manufacturers included in the ALMM, and a requirement that all federal procurement of solar modules be only from cells and modules produced domestically. However, in February 2025, the Indian government began imposing import duty tariffs of 20% each on solar modules and cells and levied additional tax on certain commercial agricultural production, which included a tax of 20% on solar modules and 7.5% on solar cells. Therefore, the aggregate impact on the import of solar modules and cells is 40% and 27.5%, respectively. These examples show that established markets for PV solar development face uncertainties arising from policy, regulatory, and governmental actions. While the expected potential of the markets we are targeting is significant, policy promulgation and market development are especially vulnerable to governmental inertia, political instability, changing government policy and priorities, the imposition or lowering of trade remedies and other trade barriers, geopolitical risk, fossil fuel subsidization, potentially stringent localization requirements, and limited available infrastructure. Any negative impacts from changes in policy, regulatory, and governmental actions could negatively affect our business, reduce our net sales, profitability and/or market share, and consequently affect our results of operations, prospects, and financial condition. The loss of any of our large customers, or the inability of our customers and counterparties to perform under their contracts with us, including through terminations by customers of any contract in part or in full, has reduced and, in the future, could significantly reduce our net sales and negatively impact our results of operations. Our customers include developers and operators of systems, utilities, independent power producers, commercial and industrial companies, and other system owners, who may experience intense competition at the system level, thereby constraining the ability for such customers to sustain meaningful and consistent profitability. The loss of any of our large customers, their inability to perform under their contracts, or their default in payment has reduced and, in the future, could significantly reduce our net sales and/or adversely impact our operating results. While our contracts with customers typically have certain firm purchase commitments and may require our customers to make payments to us if a contract is terminated in certain circumstances, those contract terms have in the past and may in the future be breached by our customers or subject to renegotiation. These contract breaches and renegotiations have and may continue to reduce the volume of modules sold under the relevant contracts, postpone delivery schedules, and/or otherwise decrease the revenue we realize under these contracts and, correspondingly, negatively impact, potentially significantly, our results of operations. This includes cases where our ability to subsequently resell solar modules sold under terminated and/or renegotiated contracts may be constrained by the project lead times of our customers, their required module specifications, or other factors. For example, on September 30, 2025, First Solar filed a complaint in the Supreme Court of the State of New York asserting that BP Solar Holding LLC and its affiliate Lightsource Renewable Energy Trading, LLC breached their contractual obligations with First Solar, having entered into various master supply agreements to purchase solar modules from First Solar and then refusing to pay the amounts owed under the purchase orders. See Part I Item 3. “Legal Proceedings” for additional information. Additionally, although we require some form of payment security from our customers, such as cash deposits, parent guarantees, bank guarantees, surety bonds, or commercial letters of credit, in the event the providers of such payment security fail to perform their obligations, our operating results could be adversely impacted. 23 Table of Contents An increase in interest rates or tightening of the supply of capital in the global financial markets (including a reduction in total tax equity availability) could make it difficult for customers to finance the cost of a PV solar power system and could reduce the demand for our modules and/or lead to a reduction in the average selling price for our modules. Many of our customers depend on debt and/or equity financing to fund the initial capital expenditure required to develop, build, and/or purchase a PV solar power system. As a result, an increase in interest rates, or a reduction in the supply of project debt financing or tax equity investments, could reduce the number of solar projects that receive financing or otherwise make it difficult for our customers to secure the financing necessary to develop, build, purchase, or install a PV solar power system on favorable terms, or at all, and thus lower demand for our solar modules, which could limit our growth or reduce our net sales. For additional information, see the Risk Factor entitled, “The modification, reduction, elimination, or expiration of government subsidies, economic incentives, eligibility limitations, tax incentives, renewable energy targets, and other support for on-grid solar electricity applications, or the impact of other public policies, such as tariffs or other trade remedies imposed on solar cells and modules or related raw materials or equipment, have, and in the future could, negatively impact demand and/or

=== FSLR_2026-04-30.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors In addition to the other information set forth in this report, you should carefully consider the factors discussed in Item 1A. “Risk Factors” of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025, which could materially affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. The risks described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K are not the only risks we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently consider immaterial may also materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Except for the risk factors set forth below, there have been no material changes in the risk factors contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. The modification, reduction, elimination, or expiration of government subsidies, economic incentives, eligibility limitations, tax incentives, renewable energy targets, and other support for on-grid solar electricity applications, or the impact of other public policies, such as tariffs or other trade remedies imposed on solar cells and modules or related raw materials or equipment, have impacted, and in the future could negatively impact demand and/or price levels for our solar modules and limit our growth or lead to a reduction in our net sales or increase our costs, thereby adversely impacting our operating results. Although we believe that solar energy will experience widespread adoption in those applications where it competes economically with traditional forms of energy without any incentive programs, in certain markets our net sales and profits remain subject to variability based on the availability and size of government subsidies and economic incentives. Federal, state, and local governmental bodies in many countries have provided subsidies in the form of feed-in-tariff structures, rebates, tax incentives, and other incentives to end users, distributors, system integrators, and manufacturers of PV solar products. Many of these incentive programs expire, phase down over time, require renewal by the applicable authority, or may be amended. To the extent government incentive programs are reduced earlier than previously expected, are changed retroactively, or are not renewed, such changes could negatively impact demand and/or price levels for our solar modules, lead to a reduction in our net sales, and adversely impact our operating results. 51 Table of Contents Current regulatory policies, or any future changes or threatened changes to such policies, may subject us to significant risks, including the following: • a reduction or removal of certain energy programs and initiatives and the incentives they provide may diminish the market for future solar energy off-take agreements, slow the retirement of aging fossil fuel plants, including the retirements of coal generation plants, and reduce the ability for solar project developers to compete for off-take agreements, which may reduce PV solar module sales; • any limitations on the value or availability to manufacturers or potential investors of tax incentives that benefit solar energy production, sales, or projects, such as the Section 45X advanced manufacturing production credit, ITC, and PTC, as seen in the accelerated termination of certain energy tax credits under the “One Big Beautiful Bill” the U.S. President signed into law on July 4, 2025, could result in reducing such manufacturers’ or investors’ economic returns and could cause a reduction in the availability of financing, thereby reducing demand for PV solar modules; • any incentives contingent upon domestic production of modules, such as tax incentives set forth under the IRA, could limit our ability to sell modules manufactured in certain foreign jurisdictions, which may adversely impact our module average selling prices and could require us to record significant charges to earnings should we determine that the manufacturing facilities and equipment in such foreign jurisdictions are impaired; and • any effort to overturn federal and state laws, regulations, or policies that are supportive of solar energy generation or that remove costs or other limitations on other types of electricity generation that compete with solar energy projects could negatively impact our ability to compete with traditional forms of electricity generation and materially and adversely affect our business. Application of trade laws may also adversely impact, either directly or indirectly, our operating results; for example, by impacting our customers’ project costs, profitability, and their demand for our modules; or by impacting our own costs or disrupting our manufacturing or supply chains, and consequently negatively impacting demand and/or price levels for our solar modules, reducing our net sales, or affecting potential profitability of fulfilling customer contracts. We are therefore potentially subject to various risks, which include the following: • any tariffs that reduce the profitability of contracts, whereby the cost of tariffs exceeds the amount able to be, or willing to be, absorbed by either us or the customer under the provisions of the contract and may lead to us or the customer cancelling such contract, potentially resulting in the reduction of future revenue, the loss of the contractual right to a termination payment from the customer, and potentially the required return of a previously received customer down payment; • any reciprocal or other tariffs may place burdens on our customers’ supply chains exclusive of module import costs, including through increased costs of trackers, inverters, transformers, and other imported equipment, which are often heavily dependent on Chinese supply chains. These and other costs could result in an inability for certain projects to generate profitable returns, and may lead to the delay or abandonment of such projects, thereby reducing or removing demand for currently contracted PV module sales; and • any reduction in our ability to profitably import modules from our international manufacturing locations as a result of tariffs or other trade laws could lead to us significantly reducing capacity utilization at certain international manufacturing facilities. Such underutilization may lead to potential impairment of certain international equipment and facilities and may also increase our selling costs and reduce our competitiveness in the market, thereby reducing demand for our modules. 52 Table of Contents In some instances, the application of trade laws is currently beneficial to us, and changes in their application could have an adverse impact. The overall impact of trade laws on our business depends on multiple factors, including their duration, their scope and potential expansion thereof, enforcement, retaliatory measures by impacted exporting countries, inflationary effects and broader macroeconomic responses, changes to consumer purchasing behavior, and the effectiveness of our responses in managing these impacts. Recent developments include the following: • United States — IEEPA Tariffs . In 2025, the U.S. President imposed a series of tariffs on nearly all U.S. trading partners pursuant to the IEEPA. On February 20, 2026, the U.S. Supreme Court ruled the IEEPA tariffs unlawful. President Trump responded immediately by revoking the IEEPA tariff actions and imposing new global tariffs pursuant to Section 122, which provides for tariffs up to 15% for a period of no more than 150 days. The additional, higher tariffs have increased the costs of our solar modules manufactured in these countries with respect to our U.S. market. Further, such circumstances have impacted and may continue to impact our ability to sell certain modules into the United States and therefore may continue to also impact the operational status of certain of our international manufacturing facilities. As a result, our operating results may continue to be adversely impac