=== IR_2026-04-24.htm.gz ===
TABLE OF CONTENTS UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, DC 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material under 240.14a-12 INGERSOLL RAND INC. (Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if Other Than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check all boxes that apply): No fee required Fee paid previously with preliminary materials Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11 TABLE OF CONTENTS TABLE OF CONTENTS TABLE OF CONTENTS 525 Harbour Place Drive, Suite 600 Davidson, North Carolina 28036 April 24, 2026 Dear Stockholders: You are cordially invited to attend the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders of Ingersoll Rand Inc. (the Annual Meeting ) to be held on Thursday, June 11, 2026 at 10:30 a.m., Eastern Time. The Annual Meeting will be held in a virtual meeting format only and will be conducted via live audio webcast. You will be able to attend the Annual Meeting, vote your shares electronically and submit your questions during the meeting via live audio webcast by visiting www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/IR2026 . To participate in the meeting, you must have your sixteen-digit control number that is shown on your Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials, or on your proxy card (or voting instruction form) if you elected to receive proxy materials by mail or your e-delivery notice or as otherwise provided by your broker, as applicable. You will not be able to attend the Annual Meeting in person. Please submit your proxy to have your shares voted promptly, whether or not you plan to attend the Annual Meeting. You may submit your proxy over the Internet, as well as by telephone or by mail. Please review the instructions on the proxy or voting instruction card regarding each of these voting options. As permitted by the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission, we are also pleased to be furnishing our proxy materials to stockholders primarily over the Internet. We believe this process expedites stockholders receipt of the materials, lowers the costs of the Annual Meeting and conserves natural resources. We sent a Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials on or about April 24, 2026, to our stockholders of record at the close of business on April 16, 2026. The notice contains instructions on how to access our Proxy Statement and 2025 Annual Report and vote online. If you would like to receive a printed copy of our proxy materials from us instead of downloading a printable version from the Internet, please follow the instructions for requesting such materials included in the notice. Thank you for your continued support of Ingersoll Rand Inc. Sincerely, Vicente Reynal Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of the Board of Directors TABLE OF CONTENTS Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders Date and Time Thursday, June 11, 2026 10:30 a.m. Eastern Time Virtual Meeting Information You can attend the Annual Meeting online, vote your shares electronically and submit your questions during the Annual Meeting, by visiting www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/ IR2026 . You will need to have your 16-Digit Control Number included on your Notice, or your proxy card (or voting instruction form) (if you received a printed copy of the proxy materials) or your e-delivery notice or as otherwise provided by your broker, as applicable to join the Annual Meeting. Record date April 16, 2026. Only stockholders of record at the close of business on April 16, 2026, are entitled to notice of, and to vote at, the Annual Meeting. Each stockholder of record is entitled to one vote for each share of common stock held at that time. Items of business 2026 Proposals Board Vote Recommendation Page Reference (for more detail) 1 Election of the ten directors named in this Proxy Statement and nominated by our board of directors to serve until the 2027 Annual Meeting of Stockholders or until their respective successors are duly elected and qualified. FOR Page 12 2 Ratification of appointment of Deloitte Touche LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for 2026. FOR Page 32 3 Non-binding vote to approve executive compensation. FOR Page 35 4 Approval of Ingersoll Rand Inc. 2026 Omnibus Incentive Plan FOR Page 71 5 To transact such other business as may properly come before the Annual Meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof. You have three options for submitting your proxy before the Annual Meeting to have your shares voted at the Annual Meeting: Internet, through computer or mobile device such as a tablet or smartphone; Telephone; or Mail. Please submit your proxy as soon as possible to record your vote promptly, even if you plan to attend the Annual Meeting via the Internet. Ingersoll Rand 1 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Annual Meeting to be Held on Thursday, June 11, 2026: The Proxy Statement and 2025 Annual Report to Stockholders, which includes the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025, are available at www.proxyvote.com (a site that does not have cookies that identify visitors to the site). By Order of the Board of Directors, Andrew Schiesl Corporate Secretary April 24, 2026 Davidson, North Carolina Ingersoll Rand 2 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Table of Contents Page Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders 1 General Information 7 Proposal One: Election of Directors 12 Director Biographies and Qualifications 13 The Board of Directors and Certain Governance Matters 18 Governance Highlights 18 Communications with the Board 19 Director Independence and Independence Determinations 19 Annual Independent Board Assessment 19 Incumbent Director Qualifications 19 Board Leadership Structure 20 Board Committees and Meetings 20 Oversight of Risk Management 23 Executive Sessions 24 Belonging, Engagement and Development 24 Commitment to Sustainability 25 Committee Charters and Corporate Governance Guidelines 26 Code of Conduct 26 Securities Trading Policy; Anti-Hedging and Anti-Pledging Policy 26 Director Nomination Process 27 Executive Officers of the Company 29 Ingersoll Rand 3 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal Two: Ratification of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 32 Audit and Non-Audit Fees 32 Report of the Audit Committee 34 Proposal Three: Non-Binding Vote to Approve Executive Compensation 35 Report of the Compensation Committee 36 Executive Compensation 37 Letter From the Compensation Committee 37 Stockholder Outreach and Engagement; Say on Pay Result 38 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 39 Executive Summary 39 2025 Executive Compensation Program in Detail 44 2025 Executive Compensation Decisions 44 2022 CEO Performance-Based Leadership Equity Incentive Award 48 2026 Compensation Actions 50 The Decision-Making Process 50 Other Compensation Practices and Policies that Align Our NEOs to Our Stockholders 51 Stock Ownership and Retention Policy 51 Anti-Hedging and Anti-Pledging Policies 52 Incentive Compensation Clawback Policy 52 Equity Grant Policies 52 Other Benefits 52 Employment Agreements 53 Severance and Change in Control Plan 53 Risk Management and Mitigation of Compensation Policies and Practices 53 Summary Compensation Table 54 Grants of Plan-Based Awards in 2025 55 Narrative Disclosure to Summary Compensation Table and Grants of Plan-Based Awards in 2025 56 Summary of NEO Offer Letters and Employment Agreements 56 Ingersoll Rand 4 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Outstanding Equity Awards at 2025 Fiscal Year End 57 Option Exercises and Stock Vested in 2025 60 Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Fiscal 2025 60 Potential Payments to Named Executive Officers upon Termination of Employment or Change in Control 61 Executive Change in Control and Severance Arrangements 63 Treatment of Outstanding Equity Awards in the Event of Termination of Employment or Change in Control 64 Director Compensation in Fiscal 2025 66 Description of Director Compensation 66 Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 67 CEO Pay Ratio 67 Pay vs. Performance ( PvP ) Disclosure 68 Proposal Four 71 The 2026 Plan Combines Compensation and Governance Best Practices 72 Why We Believe You Should Vote to Approve the 2026 Plan 72 Information on Equity Compensation Plans as of April 16, 2026 73 Background of Determination of Shares Under the 2026 Plan 74 Stockholder Approval 74 Material Terms of the 2026 Plan 75 Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences 79 Section 409A of the Code 80 New Plan Benefits 80 Vote Required 80 Board Recommendation 80 Ownership of Securities 81 Transactions with Related Persons 83 Stockholder Proposals for the 2027 Annual Meeting 84 Householding of Proxy Materials 85 Other Business 86 Ingersoll Rand 5 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Annex A: Forward-Looking Statements and Reconciliation of GAAP Measures to Non-GAAP Measures A-1 Annex B: Ingersoll Rand Inc. 2026 Omnibus Incentive Plan B-1 Web links throughout this Proxy Statement are provided for convenience only, and the content on the referenced websites does not constitute a part of this Proxy Statement. Ingersoll Rand 6 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS PROXY STATEMENT General Information WHY AM I BEING PROVIDED WITH THESE MATERIALS? We first sent a Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials and made these proxy materials available to you via the Internet on or about April 24, 2026 or, upon your request, have delivered printed versions of these proxy materials to you by mail in connection with the solicitation by the Board of Directors (the Board or Board of Directors ) of Ingersoll Rand Inc. (the Company or Ingersoll Rand ) of proxies to be voted at our Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on June 11, 2026 ( Annual Meeting ), and at any postponements or adjournments of the Annual Meeting. Directors, officers and other Company employees also may solicit proxies by telephone or otherwise. Brokers and other nominees will be requested to solicit proxies or authorizations from beneficial owners and will be reimbursed for their reasonable expenses. The Annual Meeting will be a virtual meeting of stockholders. You will be able to attend the Annual Meeting, vote your shares electronically and submit your questions during the meeting via live audio webcast by visiting www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/IR2026 . To participate in the meeting, you must have your 16-Digit Control Number included in the Notice, or if you received a printed copy of the proxy materials, in your proxy card (or voting instruction form) that accompanied your proxy materials or e-delivery notice or as provided by your broker, as applicable. You will not be able to attend the Annual Meeting in person. WHAT AM I VOTING ON? There are four proposals scheduled to be voted on at the Annual Meeting: 1 The election of ten director nominees listed herein (the Director Election Proposal ). 2 Ratification of the appointment of Deloitte Touche LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for 2026 (the Ratification Proposal ). 3 Approval, in a non-binding advisory vote, of the compensation paid to the named executive officers (the Say on Pay Proposal ). 4 Approval of the Ingersoll Rand Inc. 2026 Omnibus Incentive Plan ( 2026 Omnibus Incentive Plan Proposal ) WHO IS ENTITLED TO VOTE? Stockholders as of the close of business on April 16, 2026 (the Record Date ) may vote at the Annual Meeting. As of that date, there were 391,332,297 shares of common stock outstanding. You have one vote for each share of common stock held by you as of the Record Date, including shares: Held directly in your name as stockholder of record (also referred to as registered stockholder ); Held for you in an account with a broker, bank or other nominee (shares held in street name ). Street name holders generally cannot vote their shares directly and instead must instruct the brokerage firm, bank or nominee how to vote their shares; and Ingersoll Rand 7 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS WHAT CONSTITUTES A QUORUM? The holders of record of a majority of the voting power of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting must be present in person or represented by proxy to constitute a quorum for the Annual Meeting. Abstentions are counted as present and entitled to vote for purposes of determining a quorum. Shares represented by broker non-votes that are present and entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting also are counted for purposes of determining a quorum. However, as described below under How are votes counted? , if you hold your shares in street name and do not provide voting instructions to your broker, your shares will not be voted on any proposal on which your broker does not have discretionary authority to vote (a broker non-vote ). WHAT IS A BROKER NON-VOTE ? A broker non-vote occurs when shares held by a broker are not voted with respect to a proposal because (1) the broker has not received voting instructions from the stockholder who beneficially owns the shares, (2) the broker lacks the authority to vote the shares at his/her discretion and (3) there is at least one other proposal on the ballot with respect to which the broker has authority to vote the shares at his/her discretion. Under current New York Stock Exchange interpretations that govern broker non-votes, the Director Election Proposal, Say on Pay Proposal and 2026 Omnibus Incentive Plan Proposal are considered non-discretionary matters and a broker will lack the authority to vote shares at his/her discretion on such proposals. The Ratification Proposal, however, is considered a discretionary or routine matter and therefore, a broker may exercise his/her discretion to vote for or against that proposal in the absence of your instructions. HOW MANY VOTES ARE REQUIRED TO APPROVE EACH PROPOSAL? With respect to the Director Election Proposal, each director nominee is elected at the Annual Meeting by a majority vote standard in uncontested elections, which means that for each of the director nominees, the number of shares voted FOR must exceed the total number of shares voted AGAINST such nominee for director in order to be elected (with abstentions and broker non-votes not counted as votes cast either FOR or AGAINST that director s election). There is no cumulative voting. Any incumbent director nominee who fails to receive a majority of the votes cast in an uncontested election shall offer to tender his or her resignation to the Board in accordance with the policies and procedures adopted by the Board from time to time. In accordance with such policies and procedures, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, or such other committee designated by the Board, will make a recommendation to the Board on whether to accept or reject such resignation, or whether other action should be taken, and the Board will act taking into account the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee s or such other committee s recommendation and publicly disclose its decision within ninety (90) days from the date of the certification of the election results. With respect to the Ratification Proposal, Say on Pay Proposal and 2026 Omnibus Incentive Plan Proposal, approval requires the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power of the shares of stock present in person or represented by proxy and entitled to vote on each such proposal, which means that the number of shares voted FOR each proposal must exceed the total number of shares voted AGAINST or ABSTAIN at the Annual Meeting. While the Ratification Proposal and Say on Pay Proposal are advisory in nature and non-binding, the Board will review the voting results and will consider the results of the Say on Pay vote when making future decisions regarding executive compensation. HOW ARE VOTES COUNTED? With respect to the Director Election Proposal, you may vote FOR, AGAINST or ABSTAIN with respect to each nominee. Abstentions and broker non-votes will have no effect on the outcome of the Director Election Proposal. With respect to the Ratification Proposal, you may vote FOR, AGAINST or ABSTAIN. Abstentions will be counted as a vote AGAINST the Ratification Proposal. There are no broker non-votes with respect to the Ratification Proposal as brokers are permitted to exercise discretion to vote uninstructed shares on this proposal. With respect to the Say on Pay Proposal, you may vote FOR, AGAINST or ABSTAIN. Abstentions will be counted as a vote AGAINST the Say on Pay Proposal and broker non-votes will have no effect on the outcome of the Say on Pay Proposal. With respect to the 2026 Omnibus Incentive Plan Proposal, you may vote FOR, AGAINST or ABSTAIN. Abstentions will be counted as a vote AGAINST the 2026 Omnibus Incentive Plan Proposal and broker non-votes will have no effect on the outcome of the 2026 Omnibus Incentive Plan Proposal. Ingersoll Rand 8 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS If you just sign and submit your proxy card without voting instructions, your shares will be voted FOR each director nominee listed herein and FOR the Ratification Proposal, Say on Pay Proposal and 2026 Omnibus Incentive Plan Proposal, as recommended by the Board and in accordance with the discretion of the holders of the proxy with respect to any other matters that may be voted upon. WHO WILL COUNT THE VOTE? Representatives of Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. will tabulate the votes, and representatives of Carl Hagberg Associates will act as inspectors of election. HOW DOES THE BOARD RECOMMEND THAT I VOTE? Our Board recommends that you vote your shares: FOR each of the nominees to the Board set forth in the Director Election Proposal. FOR the Ratification Proposal. FOR the Say on Pay Proposal. FOR the 2026 Omnibus Incentive Plan Proposal. HOW CAN I ATTEND AND VOTE AT THE VIRTUAL ANNUAL MEETING? Any stockholder can attend the Annual Meeting live online at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/IR2026 . If you were a stockholder as of the Record Date, you can vote electronically if you attend the Annual Meeting via the Internet. A summary of the information you need to attend the Annual Meeting via the Internet is provided below: Instructions on how to attend and participate via the Internet are posted at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/IR2026 ; Assistance with questions regarding how to attend and participate via the Internet will be provided at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/IR2026 on the day of the Annual Meeting; Technical support and assistance will be provided at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/IR2026 on the day of the Annual Meeting and during the Annual Meeting; Stockholders may vote and submit questions while attending the Annual Meeting via the Internet; and You will need your 16-Digit Control Number to enter the Annual Meeting. WILL I BE ABLE TO PARTICIPATE IN THE VIRTUAL ANNUAL MEETING ON THE SAME BASIS I WOULD BE ABLE TO PARTICIPATE IN A LIVE ANNUAL MEETING? The Annual Meeting will be held in a virtual meeting format only and will be conducted via live audio webcast and a replay will be available at https://investors.irco.com/home/default.aspx under Events Presentations. The online meeting format for the Annual Meeting will enable full and equal participation by all our stockholders from any place in the world at little to no cost. We designed the format of the virtual Annual Meeting to ensure that our stockholders who attend our Annual Meeting will be afforded the same rights and opportunities to participate as they would at an in-person meeting and to enhance stockholder access, participation and communication through online tools. We will take the following steps to ensure such an experience: Providing stockholders with the ability to submit appropriate questions real-time via the meeting website, limiting questions to one per stockholder unless time otherwise permits; and Answering as many questions submitted in accordance with the meeting rules of conduct as possible in the time allotted for the meeting without discrimination. We will have technicians ready to assist you with any technical difficulties you may have in accessing the live webcast. If you encounter any difficulties while accessing the virtual meeting during the check-in or meeting time, a technical assistance phone Ingersoll Rand 9 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS number will be made available on the virtual meeting registration page 15 minutes prior to the start time of the Annual Meeting. The virtual meeting platform is fully supported across browsers (Firefox, Chrome, and Safari) and devices (desktops, laptops, tablets, and cell phones) running the most updated version of applicable software and plugins. Participants should ensure that they have a strong WiFi connection wherever they intend to participate in the Annual Meeting. Participants should also give themselves plenty of time to log in and ensure that they can hear audio prior to the start of the Annual Meeting. Please note that the technical assistance phone number is not for retrieving lost or misplaced control numbers. HOW CAN I VOTE MY SHARES WITHOUT ATTENDING THE ANNUAL MEETING? If you are a stockholder of record, you may have your shares voted by granting a proxy. Specifically, you may submit your proxy: By Internet If you have Internet access, you may submit your proxy by going to www.proxyvote.com and by following the instructions on how to complete an electronic proxy card. You will need the 16-Digit Control Number included on your Notice, or your proxy card (or voting instruction form) or notice of e-delivery in order to vote by Internet. By Telephone If you have access to a touch-tone telephone, you may submit your proxy by dialing 1-800-690-6903 and by following the recorded instructions. You will need the 16-Digit Control Number included on your Notice, or your proxy card (or voting instruction form), or e-delivery notice in order to vote by telephone. By Mail You may submit your proxy by mail by requesting a proxy card from us, indicating your vote by completing, signing and dating the card where indicated and by mailing or otherwise returning the card in the envelope that will be provided to you. You should sign your name exactly as it appears on the proxy card. If you are signing in a representative capacity (for example, as guardian, executor, trustee, custodian, attorney or officer of a corporation), indicate your name and title or capacity. If you hold your shares in street name, you may also submit voting instructions to your broker, bank or other nominee. In most instances, you will be able to do this over the Internet, by telephone or by mail. Please refer to information from your bank, broker, or other nominee on how to submit voting instructions. Internet and telephone voting facilities will close at 11:59 p.m., Eastern Time on June 10, 2026 for the voting of shares held by stockholders of record or held in street name. Mailed proxy cards or voting instruction forms, with respect to shares held of record or in street name, as applicable, must be received no later than June 10, 2026. HOW CAN I VOTE THE SHARES I HOLD THROUGH AN EMPLOYEE SAVINGS PLAN? If you participate in the Ingersoll Rand Retirement Savings Plan, you may give voting instructions to the plan trustee with respect to the shares of our common stock that are associated with your plan account by completing the voting instruction card or email notice you receive. The plan trustee will follow your voting instructions unless it determines that to do so would be contrary to law. If you do not provide voting instructions, the plan trustee will act in accordance with the employee benefit plan documents. In general, the plan documents specify that the trustee will vote the shares for which it does not receive instructions in the same proportion that it votes shares for which it received timely instructions, unless it determines that to do so would be contrary to law. You may revoke previously given instructions by following the instructions provided by the trustee. The deadline to submit your instructions to the trustee if you hold shares through the Ingersoll Rand Retirement Savings Plan is 11:59 p.m., Eastern Time on June 8, 2026. WHAT DOES IT MEAN IF I RECEIVE MORE THAN ONE NOTICE ON OR ABOUT THE SAME TIME? It generally means you hold shares registered in more than one account. To ensure that all your shares are voted, please sign and return each proxy card or, if you vote by Internet or telephone, vote once for each Notice you receive. Ingersoll Rand 10 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS MAY I CHANGE MY VOTE OR REVOKE MY PROXY? You may change your vote and revoke your proxy at any time prior to the vote at the Annual Meeting. If you are the stockholder of record, you may change your vote by granting a new proxy bearing a later date (which automatically revokes the earlier proxy) using any of the methods described above (and until the applicable deadline for each method), by providing a written notice of revocation to the Company s Corporate Secretary at Ingersoll Rand Inc., 525 Harbour Place Drive, Suite 600, Davidson, North Carolina 28036 prior to your shares being voted, or by attending the Annual Meeting via the Internet and voting. Attendance at the meeting via the Internet will not cause your previously granted proxy to be revoked unless you specifically so request. For shares you hold beneficially in street name, you may change your vote by submitting new voting instructions to your broker, trustee or nominee following the instructions it has provided. COULD OTHER MATTERS BE DECIDED AT THE ANNUAL MEETING? At the date this Proxy Statement went to press, we did not know of any matters to be raised at the Annual Meeting other than those referred to in this Proxy Statement. If other matters are properly presented at the Annual Meeting for consideration and you are a stockholder of record and have submitted a proxy card, the persons named in your proxy card will have the discretion to vote on those matters for you. WHO WILL PAY FOR THE COST OF THIS PROXY SOLICITATION? We will pay the cost of soliciting proxies. Proxies may be solicited on our behalf by directors, officers or employees (for no additional compensation) in person or by telephone, electronic transmission and facsimile transmission. Brokers and other nominees will be requested to solicit proxies or authorizations from beneficial owners and will be reimbursed for their reasonable expenses. Ingersoll Rand 11 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL ONE: Election of Directors Upon the recommendation of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, the full Board of Directors has considered and nominated the following slate of nominees to stand for re-election for a one-year term expiring at the 2027 Annual Meeting of Stockholders or until his or her successor is duly elected and qualified: Name Age Position Vicente Reynal 51 Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of the Board of Directors William P. Donnelly 64 Independent Lead Director Jerome Guillen 53 Independent Director Jennifer Hartsock 49 Independent Director John Humphrey 60 Independent Director Marc E. Jones 67 Independent Director Aurobind Satpathy 55 Independent Director JoAnna L. Sohovich 54 Independent Director Mark P. Stevenson 63 Independent Director Michelle Swanenburg 59 Independent Director The biographies and qualifications of the ten director nominees in this Proposal No. 1 are set forth below under the heading Director Biographies and Qualifications. Your Board of Directors recommends that you vote FOR the election of each of the Director nominees named above. Ingersoll Rand 12 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Director Biographies and Qualifications The following information describes the offices held, other business directorships and the experiences, qualifications, attributes or skills that caused the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and the Board to determine that the director nominee should serve as a director. Vicente Reynal Years of Service: 10 Age: 51 Vicente Reynal has served as our chief executive officer, president and member of our Board of Directors since January 2016. Mr. Reynal was appointed chairman of our Board of Directors in November 2021. Mr. Reynal is responsible for leading the Company and driving its overall growth and profitability as a global supplier of innovative and application-critical flow control products, services and solutions. Mr. Reynal joined Gardner Denver in May 2015 as the president of our Industrials segment. Before joining Gardner Denver, Mr. Reynal spent 11 years at Danaher Corporation, a designer and manufacturer of professional, medical, industrial and commercial products and services, where he served in a progression of senior leadership roles. Prior to joining Danaher, Mr. Reynal served in various operational and executive roles at Thermo Fisher Scientific and AlliedSignal Corp. (which merged with Honeywell, Inc. to become Honeywell International, Inc. in 1999). Mr. Reynal serves on the board of directors for American Airlines. In addition, Mr. Reynal serves on the board of Ownership Works and is an active advocate of broad-based shared ownership programs that make every employee an owner. Mr. Reynal holds a bachelor of science degree in Mechanical Engineering from Georgia Institute of Technology and master of science degrees in both mechanical engineering and technology policy from Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Mr. Reynal has more than 25 years of experience in corporate strategy, new product development, general management processes and operations leadership with companies in the industrial, energy and life sciences industries. William P. Donnelly Years of Service: 9 Age: 64 William P. Donnelly has been a member of our Board of Directors since May 2017 and was appointed Lead Director in November 2021. Mr. Donnelly joined Mettler-Toledo International Inc. in 1997 and from 2014 until his retirement in December 2018, was its executive vice president responsible for finance, investor relations, supply chain and information technology. From 1997 to 2002 and from 2004 to 2014 Mr. Donnelly served as Mettler-Toledo s chief financial officer. From 2002 to 2004, he served as division head of Mettler-Toledo s product inspection and certain lab businesses. From 1993 to 1997, Mr. Donnelly served in various senior financial roles, including chief financial officer, of Elsag Bailey Process Automation, NV and prior to that, he was an auditor with PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP from 1983 to 1993. Mr. Donnelly currently serves as the Chairman of the board of directors of Quanterix Corporation and as a member of the board of directors of T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. Mr. Donnelly received a bachelor of science in business administration from John Carroll University. Mr. Donnelly has many years of experience with publicly held industrial and life science companies, including as chief financial officer and with leadership roles in strategy and operations and experience with respect to organic growth and product innovation. Ingersoll Rand 13 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Jerome Guillen Years of Service: 1 Age: 53 Jerome Guillen joined our Board of Directors in 2026. Mr. Guillen spent more than two decades in leadership positions in the automotive and transportation industries, most recently as a president at Tesla, Inc. At Tesla, he held functional leadership across engineering, sales, supply chain, and manufacturing, and played a key role in launching the Model S and Semi Truck programs, advancing production efficiency, automation, and sustainable technologies. Prior to Tesla, he held leadership roles at Daimler AG and McKinsey Company, focusing on product development, innovation, and operations excellence. Currently, Guillen advises several technology organizations on innovative technologies: from an emerging startup on orchestration of models to one of the largest hyperscalers for data centers. He also is a member of the Board of Directors of Vale Base Metals. Mr. Guillen holds degrees in engineering from ENSTA (Ecole Nationale Sup rieure de Techniques Avancees) and from ETSII (Escuela T cnica Superior de Ingenieros Industriales) and a Doctor of Engineering from the University of Michigan. Mr. Guillen s experience of driving innovation and operational excellence supports our commitment to delivering sustainable organic growth and industry-leading solutions for our customers. Jennifer Hartsock Years of Service: 3 Age: 49 Jennifer Hartsock joined our Board of Directors in January 2023. Ms. Hartsock is an industry-recognized digital executive with international experience and proven success leading global technology organizations. She currently serves as the chief information and digital officer at Cargill, Inc., a privately held American corporation that provides products, services and insights to food, agriculture, financial and industrial customers in more than 125 countries. Ms. Hartsock manages the company s global technology portfolio, which includes developing and executing technology, digital and data strategies to enable Cargill s key growth priorities. Prior to joining Cargill, Ms. Hartsock served as chief information officer of Baker Hughes. While there, she also led the Digital Technology team that was responsible for delivering digital connectivity of devices and other technologies to enable connected customer solutions. Earlier in her career, she served as chief information officer at Cameron International and spent 17 years with Caterpillar Inc., during which she served as group chief information officer for its Construction Industries segment. Ms. Hartsock holds a bachelor s degree in applied computer science from Illinois State University. Ms. Hartsock has significant experience and leadership in digital transformation, which closely aligns with our focus on expanding our product and service innovation in the areas of digitization and IIoT. In addition, her deep understanding of global manufacturing and broad industrial technology experience supports our expansion into sustainable end markets and growth through strategic acquisitions. Ingersoll Rand 14 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS John Humphrey Years of Service: 8 Age: 60 John Humphrey has been a member of our Board of Directors since February 2018. In 2017, Mr. Humphrey retired from Roper Technologies, a company that designs and develops software and engineered products and solutions for healthcare, transportation, food, energy, water, education and other niche markets worldwide. At Roper, he served from 2011 to 2017, as executive vice president and chief financial officer, and from 2006 to 2011, as vice president and chief financial officer. Prior to joining Roper, Mr. Humphrey spent 12 years with Honeywell International, Inc. and its predecessor company, AlliedSignal, in a variety of financial leadership positions. Mr. Humphrey s earlier career included six years with Detroit Diesel Corporation, a manufacturer of heavy-duty engines, in a variety of engineering and manufacturing management positions. He is a member of the board of directors of EnPro Industries, Inc. and O-I Glass, Inc. Mr. Humphrey received a bachelor of science degree in industrial engineering from Purdue University and a master of business administration from the University of Michigan. Mr. Humphrey has many years of experience at manufacturing companies and leading inorganic growth, including experience as the chief financial officer and board member of a publicly held company. His experience with respect to inorganic growth closely supports a pillar of our growth strategy. Marc E. Jones Years of Service: 7 Age: 67 Marc E. Jones has been a member of our Board of Directors since December 2018. He has served as the chairman, president and chief executive officer of Aeris Communications, Inc., a provider of machine to machine and Internet of Things communications services, since 2008, and as the chairman of Aeris since 2005. Mr. Jones also served as chairman of Visionael Corporation, a network service business software and service provider, from 2004 to 2009 and as president and chief executive officer of Visionael from 1998 to 2004. Prior to joining Visionael, Mr. Jones served as president and chief operating officer of Madge Networks, a supplier of networking hardware, from 1993 to 1997; senior vice president, Integrated System Products at Chips and Technologies, Inc., one of the first fabless semiconductor companies, from 1988 to 1992; and senior vice president, corporate finance at LF Rothschild Unterberg Towbin Co., a merchant and investment banking firm, from 1986 to 1987. Mr. Jones currently serves on the board of trustees of Stanford University and as the chair of the board of Stanford Healthcare. In addition, he serves on the board of directors of CDW Corporation. Mr. Jones holds both a bachelor of arts in political science and a juris doctor from Stanford University. Mr. Jones has held senior leadership roles, including chief executive officer, at several technology companies and also has experience in senior financial leadership roles and a background in law. His technology background is invaluable as we harness the megatrend of digitization and its impact on our business. Ingersoll Rand 15 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Aurobind Satpathy Years of Service: 1 Age: 55 Aurobind Satpathy has been a member of our Board of Directors since July 2025. Mr. Satpathy currently serves as a senior partner at McKinsey Company, a global management consulting firm. During his nearly 30-year career with McKinsey Company, Mr. Satpathy led multi-billion-dollar mergers, guided companies through public-to-private transitions, and architected growth strategies that resulted in increases in market capitalization. In addition, Mr. Satpathy led global technology-enablement efforts within McKinsey s Operations practice and held leadership roles across several offices, practices, and global committees. Mr. Satpathy serves as a member of the board of directors of Potter Global Technologies and the board of advisors of Brick, a digital health startup. He holds a BS in Engineering from the Indian Institute of Technology and a master of engineering from the University of Houston, as well as a master of business administration from Carnegie-Mellon University. Mr. Satpathy s leadership in high-impact engagements across diverse industries demonstrates his deep expertise in aligning strategy with execution and supports the Company s focus on unlocking value through bold, data-driven insights. JoAnna L. Sohovich Years of Service: 3 Age: 54 JoAnna L. Sohovich joined our Board of Directors in 2023. Ms. Sohovich is the Chair of the Board of Directors for Chamberlain Group, a role she assumed on January 1, 2022 after serving as the Chief Executive Officer of Chamberlain Group from February 2016 until December 31, 2021. Prior to that, from January 2015 to February 2016, she was the Global President, STANLEY Engineered Fastening at Stanley Black Decker, Inc. where she led a global technology and manufactured goods business. Before being appointed to this position in 2015, she served as Global President, Industrial Automotive Repair since 2012 and, prior to that, Industrial Automotive Repair President North America, Asia and Emerging Regions since 2011, both at Stanley Black Decker, Inc. From 2001 to 2011, Ms. Sohovich served in several roles of increasing responsibility at Honeywell International, including President, Security Communications from 2010 to 2011 emphasizing new product development and innovation, Vice President General Manager, Commercial Building Controls from 2008 to 2010 leading growth initiatives across a broad commercial building controls portfolio, and Integration Leader from 2007 to 2008 resulting in Honeywell s successful acquisition and integration of Maxon Corporation. Ms. Sohovich served as General Manager, Building Controls Field Devices from 2005 to 2007 and Vice President, Six Sigma for Honeywell from 2004 to 2005. Her earlier experience includes plant management, repair and overhaul shop management, quality management and service as an officer in the United States Navy. From 2014 until 2025, Ms. Sohovich also served on the Board of Directors of Barnes Group Inc. and as Chair of the Compensation and Management Development Committee and as a member of the Executive Committee of the Board of Directors for Barnes Group Inc. She received a bachelor of science in economics from the United States Naval Academy and a master of business administration from Santa Clara University. Ms. Sohovich has extensive executive management and leadership experience, broad knowledge of industrial manufacturers, and direct experience in driving digitally focused product innovation and strategic growth initiatives, which experience is relevant to our product and service innovation in the areas of digitization and IIoT. Ingersoll Rand 16 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Mark P. Stevenson Years of Service: 4 Age: 63 Mark P. Stevenson joined our Board of Directors in July 2022. Mr. Stevenson currently serves as senior advisor for General Atlantic, a leading global growth equity firm and as a senior partner at Flagship Pioneering, a life sciences venture capital company that invests in biotechnology, life sciences, health and sustainability companies. He is the former executive vice president and chief operating officer of Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc., a Fortune 100 company and world leader in serving science through its life science solutions, analytical instruments, specialty diagnostics and laboratory products and biopharma services. He held this role from 2017 until his retirement in 2022. He joined the company in 2014 as executive vice president and president of Life Sciences Solutions through the acquisition of Life Technologies. Mr. Stevenson previously served as president and chief operating officer of Life Technologies, and president and chief operating officer of Applied Biosystems prior to its merger with Invitrogen Corporation in 2008. He is a member of the board of directors of Qiagen N.V. He has a master of business administration from Henley Management College, United Kingdom, and a bachelor s degree in chemistry from the University of Reading, United Kingdom. Mr. Stevenson s experience in leading a growth compounder in sustainable end markets such as life sciences and medical aligns closely with our long-term strategy of expansion in high growth sustainable end markets. Michelle Swanenburg Years of Service: 1 Age: 59 Michelle Swanenburg joined our Board of Directors in April 2025. Ms. Swanenburg is the Head of Human Resources at T. Rowe Price (NASDAQ: TROW), a premier global asset management organization with total assets under management of $1.61 trillion as of December 31, 2025. She is a member of the firm s Management Committee, the Strategic Operating Committee, the Enterprise Risk Management Committee, the Management Compensation and Development Committee, and the Corporate Strategy Committee. Prior to her current role, which commenced in December 2019, she served as the Head of Human Resources at Oaktree Capital Management for four years. Before joining Oaktree Capital Management, she began her career at T. Rowe Price, holding roles of increasing responsibility in human resources. She earned a bachelor's degree and a master s degree in human resources development from Towson University. She currently serves as a board member for The Waterfront Partnership of Baltimore Inc. and is a member of the President s Advisory Council at Stevenson University. Ms. Swanenburg s experience in human resources, succession planning, talent acquisition, performance management, and compensation supports our Deploy Talent strategic imperative and the development of our corporate culture and leadership teams. Ingersoll Rand 17 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND CERTAIN GOVERNANCE MATTERS Our Board manages or directs the business and affairs of the Company, as provided by Delaware law, and conducts its business through meetings of the Board and four standing committees: the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and the Sustainability Committee. Our Board evaluates the Company s corporate governance policies on an ongoing basis with a view towards maintaining the best corporate governance practices in the context of the Company s current business environment and aligning our governance practices closely with the interests of our stockholders. Governance HIGHLIGHTS We believe our corporate governance aligns with best practices and enhances the rights of our stockholders. We have a declassified Board, a majority voting standard in the election of directors, and no supermajority voting requirements in our Certificate of Incorporation or Third Amended and Restated Bylaws (the Bylaws ). Our Bylaws also contain a proxy access provision which allows eligible stockholders to nominate candidates for election to our Board and include such candidates in our proxy statement and proxy card subject to the terms, conditions, procedures and deadlines set forth in our Bylaws. We believe these governance structures provide our stockholders with a more meaningful voice in various corporate matters. Furthermore, the Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines provide for the role of Lead Director of the Board in the event that the Chair of the Board is not an independent director, which reflects the Company s continued commitment to enhanced corporate governance best practices. The Lead Director is elected by a plurality vote of the independent directors, or via unanimous vote of the independent directors if via written consent action, and serves until the Board meeting immediately following the third anniversary of appointment, provided, however, the Board may extend such term by any length up to the fifth anniversary of the Board meeting immediately following the appointment. The duties and responsibilities of the Lead Director are set forth in the Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines which is available on our website at www.irco.com under Investors: Governance: Governance Documents Charters: Corporate Governance Guidelines. Additionally, our Sustainability Committee focuses on overseeing and advising the Board on the Company s sustainability strategies and initiatives, including reviewing the overall sustainability, corporate social responsibility, and human capital management strategies, initiatives and goals. We believe that a separate committee focused on these critical topics provides greater oversight and attention than simply having these matters addressed by an existing Board committee. Ingersoll Rand 18 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Our Board and management value the perspective of our stockholders and encourage stockholders to communicate with the Board as described under Communications with the Board below. Communications with the Board As described in our Corporate Governance Guidelines, stockholders and other interested parties who wish to communicate with a member or members of the Board, including the chairperson of the Audit, Compensation, Sustainability or Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee or the non-management or independent directors as a group, may do so by addressing such communications or concerns to the Secretary of the Company, 525 Harbour Place Drive, Suite 600, Davidson, North Carolina 28036. Director Independence and Independence Determinations Under our Corporate Governance Guidelines and New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ) rules, a director is not independent unless the Board affirmatively determines that he or she does not have a direct or indirect material relationship with the Company or any of its subsidiaries. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines define independence in accordance with the independence definition in the current NYSE corporate governance rules for listed companies. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines require our Board of Directors to review the independence of all directors at least annually. In the event a director has a relationship with the Company that is relevant to his or her independence and is not addressed by the objective tests set forth in the NYSE independence definition, our Board of Directors will determine, considering all relevant facts and circumstances, whether such relationship is material. Our Board of Directors has determined that each of William P. Donnelly, Jerome Guillen, Jennifer Hartsock, John Humphrey, Marc E. Jones, Aurobind Satpathy, Mark P. Stevenson, JoAnna L. Sohovich and Michelle Swanenburg is independent under the guidelines for director independence set forth in the Corporate Governance Guidelines and under all applicable NYSE guidelines, including with respect to committee membership. Our Board also has determined that each of Messrs. Donnelly and Humphrey and Mses. Hartsock and Sohovich is independent for purposes of Section 10A(m)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and that each of Messrs. Guillen, Jones and Stevenson and Mses. Hartsock and Swanenburg is independent for purposes of Section 10C(a)(3) of the Exchange Act. Additionally, the Board previously determined that (i) Ms. Kirk E. Arnold and Gary D. Forsee were also independent including with respect to Compensation Committee membership, in the case of Ms. Kirk E. Arnold, and independent with respect to the Audit Committee for Mr. Gary D. Forsee, for the portion of the 2025 fiscal year during which each served as a director. In sum, all of our current members of our Board of Directors have been determined to be independent other than Mr. Reynal, our Chief Executive Officer. Annual Independent Board Assessment Each year, our Board of Directors and each of its committees conducts an assessment of its performance. This assessment is overseen and facilitated by an independent firm. This independent firm conducts the assessment through a survey process and communicates the results with our Board chair and the chair of each of the committees. The results are then discussed with the full Board of Directors and, if needed, actions are formulated and executed that address any areas of opportunity identified through the assessment. Incumbent Director Qualifications In the case of incumbent directors whose terms of office are set to expire, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee reviews such directors overall service to our Company during their respective term, including the number of meetings attended, level of participation, quality of performance and any relationships and transactions that might impair such directors independence. In addition, pursuant to our Corporate Governance Guidelines, no person shall be nominated by the Board to serve as a director after he or she has passed his or her 75 th birthday, unless the Board has voted to waive the mandatory retirement age for such director at the time of nomination. Ingersoll Rand 19 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Board Leadership Structure Our Board of Directors is led by Mr. Reynal, our Chairman, and Mr. Donnelly our Lead Director. Mr. Reynal serves in a combined role of Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, which provides the significant advantages of our Chairman having extensive experience with the business and ongoing executive responsibility for the Company. We believe these advantages bolster the Company s ability to execute on its strategic imperatives and deliver stockholder value. Consistent with best governance practices, we created the Lead Director role to work closely with our Chairman. This role is held by Mr. Donnelly and is designed to help coordinate the efforts of the independent and non-management directors to ensure objective judgment with respect to sensitive issues involving the management of the Company and, in particular, the performance of senior management. The responsibilities of our Lead Director are outlined in our Corporate Governance Guidelines. We believe that the combined role of Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, together with our Lead Director role and the other elements of our corporate governance structure, strikes an appropriate balance between strong and consistent leadership and independent and effective oversight of our business and affairs that enables appropriate corporate governance. The Board believes that a combined Chairman and Chief Executive role allows the Company to effectively convey its business strategy and core values to shareholders, customers, colleagues, regulators and the public in a single, consistent voice. The Board also recognizes the necessity of having a strong Lead Director with a clearly defined role and set of responsibilities where the Chairman is not independent. Their leadership is supplemented by engaged and expert committee chairs along with independent-minded, skilled and committed directors. Our Board does not currently have a policy as to whether the role of Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer should be separate and believes that the Company and its stockholders are best served by maintaining the flexibility to determine whether the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer positions should be separated or combined at a given point in time in order to provide appropriate leadership for us at that time given the then-current circumstances. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines provide that, in order to maintain the independent integrity of our Board, if the Chairman of the Board is not an independent director, the Board may appoint an independent director as Lead Director. See Governance Highlights above for further discussion of the Lead Director role. We believe that strong independent leadership is essential for our Board to effectively perform its primary oversight functions. We also believe it is critically important for our Board to retain flexibility to determine its leadership structure based on the particular composition of the Board, the individuals serving in leadership positions, the needs and opportunities of the Company as they change over time. Board Committees and Meetings The following table summarizes the current membership of each of the Board s Committees. AUDIT COMMITTEE COMPENSATION COMMITTEE NOMINATING AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE SUSTAINABILITY COMMITTEE William P. Donnelly Jerome Guillen Jennifer Hartsock John Humphrey Marc E. Jones Aurobind Satpathy JoAnna L. Sohovich Mark P. Stevenson Michelle Swanenburg Number of meetings held in 2025 4 5 5 3 Chair Member Ingersoll Rand 20 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS All directors are expected to make every effort to attend all meetings of the Board, meetings of the committees of which they are members and the annual meeting of stockholders. During 2025, the Board held four meetings. All current members of the Board nominated for re-election per Proposal No. 1 attended more than 75% (which is the minimum required attendance) of the aggregate of the total number of meetings of the Board (held during the period for which he or she was a director) and the total number of meetings held by all committees of the Board on which such director served (held during the period that such director served). All current directors that were serving at the time of last year s annual meeting attended last year s annual meeting of stockholders. Audit Committee Our Audit Committee currently consists of Messrs. Donnelly and Humphrey and Mses. Hartsock and Sohovich, with Mr. Humphrey serving as Chair. All members of the Audit Committee have been determined to be independent, consistent with our Corporate Governance Guidelines and the NYSE listing standards applicable to boards of directors in general and audit committees in particular. Our Board has determined that each of the members of the Audit Committee is financially literate within the meaning of the listing standards of the NYSE. In addition, our Board has determined that Messrs. Donnelly and Humphrey qualify as audit committee financial experts as defined by applicable Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) rules. The Board reached its conclusion as to Mr. Donnelly s qualification based on, among other things, Mr. Donnelly s experience as the Chief Financial Officer of Mettler-Toledo International Inc. and as an auditor with PriceWaterhouseCoopers LLP. The Board reached its conclusion as to Mr. Humphrey s qualification based on, among other things, Mr. Humphrey s experience as the Chief Financial Officer of Roper Technologies. The duties and responsibilities of the Audit Committee are set forth in its charter, which may be found at www.irco.com under Investors: Governance: Governance Documents Charters: Audit Committee Charter, and include the following: overseeing the adequacy and integrity of our financial statements and our financial reporting disclosure practices; overseeing the soundness of our system of internal controls to assure compliance with financial and accounting requirements, our system of disclosure controls and procedures and compliance with ethical standards adopted by the Company; retaining and reviewing the qualifications, performance and independence of our independent auditor; overseeing our general risk management strategy including its technology security program and guidelines and policies relating to risk assessment and risk management, and management s plan and execution of appropriate risk mitigation strategies which include risk monitoring and controls; overseeing our internal audit function; reviewing and approving or ratifying all transactions between us and any Related Persons (as defined in the federal securities laws and regulations) that are required to be disclosed to Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K promulgated under the Exchange Act; and reviewing and discussing with management compliance with our Code of Conduct. With respect to our reporting and disclosure matters, the responsibilities and duties of the Audit Committee include reviewing and discussing with management and the independent registered public accounting firm our annual audited financial statements and quarterly financial statements prior to inclusion in our Annual Report on Form 10-K or other public dissemination in accordance with applicable rules and regulations of the SEC. The Audit Committee also prepares the report of the committee required by the rules and regulations of the SEC to be included in our annual proxy statement. The charter of the Audit Committee permits the committee to delegate any or all of its authority to one or more subcommittees. In addition, the Audit Committee has the authority under its charter to engage independent counsel and other advisors as it deems necessary or advisable. On behalf of the Board, the Audit Committee plays a key role in the oversight of the Company s risk management policies and procedures. See Oversight of Risk Management below. Ingersoll Rand 21 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Compensation Committee Our Compensation Committee currently consists of Messrs. Guillen, Jones and Stevenson and Mses. Hartsock and Swanenburg, with Ms. Swanenburg serving as chair. All members of our Compensation Committee have been determined to be independent as defined by our Corporate Governance Guidelines and the NYSE listing standards applicable to boards of directors in general and compensation committees in particular. Additionally, all members of the Compensation Committee qualify as non-employee directors for purposes of Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act. The duties and responsibilities of the Compensation Committee are set forth in its charter, which may be found at www.irco.com under Investors: Governance: Governance Documents Charters: Compensation Committee Charter, and include the following: establishing and reviewing the overall compensation philosophy of the Company; reviewing and approving corporate goals and objectives relevant to the Chief Executive Officer and other executive officers compensation, including annual performance objectives, if any; evaluating the performance of the Chief Executive Officer in light of these corporate goals and objectives and, either as a committee or together with the other independent directors (as directed by the Board), determining and approving the annual salary, bonus, equity-based incentives and other benefits, direct and indirect, of the Chief Executive Officer; reviewing and approving or making recommendations to the Board on the annual salary, bonus, equity and equity-based incentives and other benefits, direct and indirect, of the other executive officers; reviewing and approving, or making recommendations to the Board with respect to incentive-compensation plans and equity-based plans that are subject to the approval of the Board, and overseeing the activities of the individuals responsible for administering those plans; reviewing and approving equity compensation plans of the Company that are not otherwise subject to the approval of the Company s stockholders; reviewing and making recommendations to the Board, or approving, all equity-based awards, including pursuant to the Company s equity-based plans; monitoring compliance by executives with the rules and guidelines of the Company s equity-based plans; and overseeing management evaluation and overseeing and approving the management continuity planning process. With respect to our reporting and disclosure matters, the responsibilities and duties of the Compensation Committee include overseeing the preparation of and recommending the Compensation Discussion and Analysis to the Board for inclusion in our annual proxy statement or Annual Report on Form 10-K in accordance with applicable rules and regulations of the SEC. The charter of the Compensation Committee permits the committee to delegate any or all of its authority to one or more subcommittees and to delegate to one or more officers of the Company the authority to make awards to any non-Section 16 officer of the Company under the Company s incentive-compensation or other equity-based plan, subject to compliance with the plan and the laws of the state of the Company s jurisdiction. In addition, the Compensation Committee has the authority under its charter to retain outside consultants or advisors, as it deems necessary or advisable. For a description of our processes and procedures for the determination of executive and director compensation, see the Compensation Discussion and Analysis and Director Compensation in Fiscal 2024 Description of Director Compensation sections of this Proxy Statement. Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee currently consists of Messrs. Donnelly, Satpathy and Stevenson and Ms. Sohovich with Mr. Donnelly serving as chair. All members of our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee have been determined to be independent as defined by our Corporate Governance Guidelines and the NYSE listing standards. Ingersoll Rand 22 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS The duties and responsibilities of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee are set forth in its charter, which may be found at www.irco.com under Investors: Governance: Governance Documents Charters: Nominating Corporate Governance Committee Charter, and include the following: identifying and recommending nominees for election to the Board of Directors; reviewing the composition and size of the Board of Directors; overseeing an annual evaluation of the Board of Directors and each committee; regularly reviewing our corporate governance documents, including our Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws and Corporate Governance Guidelines; and recommending members of the Board of Directors to serve on committees of the Board. The charter of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee permits the committee to delegate any or all of its authority to one or more subcommittees. In addition, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee has the authority under its charter to retain outside counsel or other experts as it deems necessary or advisable. Sustainability Committee Our Sustainability Committee currently consists of Messrs. Guillen, Humphrey, Jones and Satpathy and Ms. Swanenburg, with Mr. Jones serving as chair. All members of our Sustainability Committee have been determined to be independent as defined by our Corporate Governance Guidelines and the NYSE listing standards. The duties and responsibilities of the Sustainability Committee are set forth in its charter, which may be found at www.irco.com under Investors: Governance: Governance Documents Charters: Sustainability Committee Charter, and include the following: assessing current aspects of the Company s environmental, health and safety policies and performance and making recommendations to the Board of Directors and the management of the Company; overseeing and advising the Board of Directors on the Company s sustainability strategies and initiatives, including reviewing the overall sustainability strategy and progress towards achievement of other environmental targets and goals; reviewing and approving the Company s annual sustainability report; overseeing and advising the Board of Directors on matters impacting corporate social responsibility; overseeing and advising the Board of Directors on the Company s public policy management, philanthropic contributions and corporate reputation management; overseeing the Company s policies on political contributions and annually reviewing the Company s political contributions and lobbying expenses; and overseeing and advising the Board of Directors and management with respect to the Company s belonging and engagement strategies, initiatives and goals. Oversight of Risk Management The Board has extensive involvement in the oversight of risk management related to us and our business and accomplishes this through oversight and regular reporting by the Audit Committee, the chairman and members of which have experience in overseeing risk management strategy, including risk management related to information and cybersecurity. Directors with experience in cybersecurity and technology play crucial oversight roles for our digital and cybersecurity strategies. The Audit Committee represents the Board in this oversight role by periodically reviewing our accounting, reporting and financial practices, including the integrity of our financial statements, surveilling our administrative and financial controls and our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements and reviewing and assessing overall company risk through a formalized enterprise risk management (ERM) program led by the management team as well as overseeing our technology security program. In addition, the Company maintains a reasonable and customary global insurance program including cyber security insurance, which is reviewed by the Audit Committee annually. Ingersoll Rand 23 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Through its quarterly meetings with management, including the finance, legal, and internal audit functions, as part of our ERM program, the Audit Committee reviews and discusses all significant areas of risk. Such review and discussion includes a comprehensive review and assessment of cybersecurity risks, other cyber risks and potential key emerging risks. With respect to cybersecurity, in particular, our cybersecurity team stays abreast of industry trends and best practices with respect to cyber threats, security products and regulatory requirements and is tasked with securing our Information Technology (IT) systems and protecting customer data, intellectual property and privacy data. Additionally, it performs testing of cybersecurity capabilities and engages with third parties to support incident response and penetration testing activities. Our cybersecurity function reports to the office of the Chief Information Officer and provides updates on the status of the Company s cybersecurity risk and cyber risk preparedness that are reviewed with and assessed by the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee receives recurring cybersecurity updates throughout the year and the full Board of Directors receives at least two cybersecurity reports annually. The Audit Committee also reviews and assesses management s remediation plans with respect to such risks and other relevant mitigating factors and summarizes these discussions for the Board. As part of our ERM program, management reports to the Audit Committee quarterly with respect to all significant areas of risk (including cyber risks and emerging risks), which allows the Audit Committee to closely monitor the Company s developing risk landscape. Our head of internal audit, who is also our Chief Risk Officer, reports directly to the Audit Committee. In addition to the oversight with respect to overall Company risk management provided by the Audit Committee, the other committees participate in the risk management process. The Compensation Committee considers, and discusses with management, management s assessment of certain risks, including any risks related to succession planning and any risks arising from our compensation policies and practices that are reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on us. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee oversees and evaluates programs and risks associated with Board organization, membership and structure and corporate governance. The Sustainability Committee assesses current aspects of the Company s environmental, health and safety policies and performance and make recommendations to the Board of Directors and the management of the Company with regard to promoting and maintaining superior standards of performance, including processes to ensure compliance with applicable laws and regulations and programs to manage risks relating to environmental and safety matters, and physical and transition risks arising from climate change. Executive Sessions Executive sessions, which are meetings of independent members of the Board, are regularly scheduled throughout the year. At each of these meetings, Mr. Donnelly, as our independent Lead Director, presides. Belonging, Engagement AND DEVELOPMENT Ingersoll Rand is committed to upholding an inclusive and engaging environment where all employees can succeed. Two of our values We foster inspired teams and We think and act like owners drive us to maintain a culture that gives voice and opportunity to all employees and enhances a sense of belonging. We expect everyone to uphold these values with humility, integrity, and respect. We focus on attracting the best talent from all backgrounds, ensuring employees are engaged, have a strong sense of belonging, and have opportunities to develop and grow. We understand that achieving our objectives requires a continuous focus on talent attraction, retention, engagement and development. By prioritizing these areas, we are confident in our ability to cultivate a workforce that is not only highly skilled but also reflects our global community. We collaborate with universities, and key industry and professional organizations, such as Disability IN, the Society of Hispanic Professional Engineers, National Black MBA Association and Women in Manufacturing, to recruit early and mid-level talent. These partnerships help us build a strong talent pipeline. We are dedicated to supporting our employees growth and development. We provide many development opportunities for early career employees, including global internships, and engineering, marketing, and manufacturing career programs. We continuously strive to enhance our workforce s technical, professional, and leadership capabilities at every level. Our leadership development programs are designed to promote inclusion as a core development principle and a professional skill. We offer skill-based programs to upskill our manufacturing employees to meet the industry s ever-changing demands. In addition, we successfully deliver an executive-level program called Lead Like an Owner to establish the standard of leadership and build Ingersoll Rand 24 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS succession at the top of the organization. To support the development of our employees, we have various resources and programs in place to facilitate their growth and progress. Our offerings align with our values and strategies, reflected in our competencies. We offer both instructor-led and online learning content globally. By offering opportunities to learn and grow and an ownership stake in the Company to all employees, we have built one of the most engaged workforces in our industry. In May 2025, our Connections Engagement survey achieved an 88% participation rate, resulting in an engagement score of 81. This places Ingersoll Rand again in the top 10% of manufacturing organizations surveyed according to our survey provider Glint . In addition, our survey questions scored above the manufacturing benchmark collected by our engagement survey partner, with our essential employee satisfaction measure ranking two points above the top 10% manufacturing average. Our continually strong employee engagement is also driven by our ownership mindset and our employees perspective that Ingersoll Rand is my company. We provide equity grants to all employees, whether they join as new hires or through acquisition, after one year of service through our Ownership Works equity program. 1 In fact, in 2025, we made equity grants to approximately 3,600 new employees through this program and have granted equity to more than 28,000 employees since May of 2017. Incredibly, the value of the common stock granted to employees through these grants has appreciated from $300 million to approximately $1 billion in value as of December 31, 2025. 2 Because of the investments we have made in our employees, we continue to receive external recognition for being a great place to work. Accolades include winning Great Place to Work in the United States and in several Latin American countries. We feel that the combination of a solid strategy, strong values, and clear expectations, coupled with true employee ownership, provides us with a competitive edge. COMMITMENT TO SUSTAINABILITY Guided by our purpose of Making Life Better, sustainability is foundational to how Ingersoll Rand creates long-term value. Our Lead Sustainably strategic imperative underscores our belief that sustainable leadership and profitable growth are mutually reinforcing. This strategy is anchored in two key priorities: Grow Sustainably and Operate Sustainably. Grow Sustainably reflects our conviction that sustainability is a powerful driver of growth. We pursue this in two ways. First, we develop innovative, intrinsically sustainable products and services that enhance efficiency, advance circularity, and improve safety for customers across all markets and regions. Second, we intentionally expand our presence in high-growth, sustainable end markets including food, life sciences, water, and clean energy where tailwinds support strong, durable organic growth. Operate Sustainably embodies our unwavering commitment to conduct business responsibly and to create positive outcomes for all stakeholders. In 2021, we announced ambitious 2030 and 2050 goals for greenhouse gas emissions reduction, water stewardship, and zero waste to landfill, demonstrating our dedication to protecting our communities and the environment. Validated by the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) 3 , our near-term and net-zero targets for Scope 1, 2, and 3 emissions reinforce Ingersoll Rand s commitment to sustainable leadership alongside disciplined financial performance. To support sustainable growth, we continually enhance our existing portfolio while developing new products and services that deliver measurable environmental and operational benefits to our customers. At the same time, our focused investment in attractive, sustainability-driven end markets including life sciences, food and beverage, water, and clean energy is delivering strong results. 1 Employees must be fulltime and have one year of service to be eligible. Not available to employees who participate in the Company s annual long-term equity program or where prohibited by local law or regulation or where such grant is required to be bargained for with an employee union unless such grant is agreed to as part of such bargaining. 2 Represents the value of all Ownership Works grants, Merger grants, and IPO grants at their respective grant dates through December 31, 2025. Increase calculated as the increase in value of all Ownership Works grants, Merger grants, and IPO grants from their respective grant date through December 31, 2025. Assumes all employees have held the grants as of December 31, 2025. 3 Details on Ingersoll Rand s validated targets are available on the SBTi dashboard: https://sciencebasedtargets.org/companies-taking-action#dashboard. Ingersoll Rand 25 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Operating sustainably is central to our purpose. By integrating sustainability into how we grow and how we operate, Ingersoll Rand remains committed to Making Life Better for our customers, our employees, our communities, and the environment. We continue to receive external recognition for the execution of our sustainability strategy including: Ranking #1 in North America and in the top 5% globally within the Machinery and Electrical Equipment industry on the 2025 S P Global Corporate Sustainability Assessment. Ingersoll Rand was also included on the Dow Jones Best in Class Indices for the fourth consecutive year. Earning A List rating from CDP for our performance in environmental leadership for the third year in a row. The Company stands out among over 22,000 evaluated for its greenhouse gas reduction, sustainable product design, and climate management strategies. Identification as a 2026 ESG Leader from Morningstar Sustainalytics ESG Risk Ratings, for driving meaningful progress toward a more sustainable future. Ingersoll Rand is on track to meet its 2030, 2034 and 2050 environmental goals, guiding us towards a more sustainable future. As mentioned above, our Board and management value the perspective of our stockholders and encourage stockholders to communicate with the Board, including with respect to our sustainability initiatives, as described under Communications with the Board above. Committee Charters and Corporate Governance Guidelines Our commitment to good corporate governance is reflected in our Corporate Governance Guidelines, which describe the Board s views on a wide range of governance topics. These Corporate Governance Guidelines are reviewed from time to time by our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and, to the extent deemed appropriate in light of emerging practices, revised accordingly, upon recommendation to and approval by the Board. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines and the charters of our Audit Committee, Compensation Committee, Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and Sustainability Committee and other corporate governance information are available on the Corporate Governance page of the Investors section on our website at www.irco.com . Any stockholder also may request them in print, without charge, by contacting the Secretary of the Company, 525 Harbour Place Drive, Suite 600, Davidson, North Carolina 28036. Code of Conduct The Company has adopted a Code of Conduct that applies to all of the Company s directors, officers (including the principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer, or controller and persons performing similar functions) and employees. The Code of Conduct sets forth our policies and expectations on a number of topics, including conflicts of interest, corporate opportunities, confidentiality, compliance with laws (including insider trading laws), use of our assets and business conduct and fair dealing. This Code of Conduct also satisfies the requirements for a code of ethics, as defined by Item 406 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC. The Code of Conduct may be found on our website at www.irco.com under Investors: Governance: Governance Documents Charters: Code of Conduct. We will make any legally required disclosures regarding amendments to, or waivers of, provisions of our Code of Conduct on our website rather than by filing a Current Report on Form 8-K. SECURITIES TRADING POLICY ; Anti-Hedging AND ANTI-PLEDGING Policy We have adopted a Securities Trading Policy that governs the purchase, sale, and/or other dispositions of our securities by our directors, officers, and employees, that is reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations, and any applicable NYSE listing standards. The Company s Securities Trading Policy prohibits the Company s directors, officers and employees from engaging in any transactions (including variable forward contracts, equity swaps, collars and exchange funds) that are designed to hedge or offset any decrease in the market value of the Company s equity securities. Additionally, directors, officers and employees may not purchase the Company s securities on margin or borrow against any account in which the Company s securities are held or pledge the Company s securities as collateral for a loan. Furthermore, it is also the policy of the Company that it will not engage in transactions in securities of the Company while aware of material non-public information relating to the Company or its securities. Ingersoll Rand 26 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Director Nomination Process The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee weighs the characteristics, experience, independence and skills of potential candidates for election to the Board. In considering candidates for the Board, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee also assesses the size, composition and combined expertise of the Board. As the application of these factors involves the exercise of judgment, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee does not have a standard set of fixed qualifications that is applicable to all director candidates, although the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee does at a minimum assess each candidate s strength of character, mature judgment, industry knowledge or experience, his or her independence of thought, and ability to work collegially with the other members of the Board. In addition, pursuant to the Corporate Governance Guidelines and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee charter, the Board endeavors to achieve a Board of Directors that represents a range of experiences in areas that are relevant to the Company s strategy and business. Additionally, as part of any director search process, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and the Board of Directors will consider highly qualified candidates, including women and diverse individuals. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and the Board continuously assess the overall composition of the Board based on various measures of diversity (i.e., experience, qualifications, attributes and skills). Currently, 60% of the Board is comprised of diverse directors. In identifying prospective director candidates, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee may seek referrals from its members, management, stockholders and other sources. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee also may, but need not, retain a search firm in order to assist it in identifying candidates to serve as directors of the Company. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee utilizes the same criteria for evaluating candidates regardless of the source of the referral. When considering director candidates, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee seeks individuals with backgrounds and qualities that, when combined with those of our incumbent directors, provide a blend of skills and experience to further enhance the Board s effectiveness. When considering whether the directors and nominees have the experience, qualifications, attributes and skills, taken as a whole, to enable the Board to satisfy its oversight responsibilities effectively in light of the Company s business and structure, the Board focused primarily on the information discussed in each of the board member s biographical information set forth under Director Biographies and Qualifications. Each of the Company s directors possesses high ethical standards, acts with integrity and exercises careful, mature judgment. Each is committed to employing his or her skills and abilities to aid the long-term interests of the stakeholders of the Company. In addition, our directors are knowledgeable and experienced in one or more business, governmental, or civic endeavors, which further qualifies them for service as members of the Board. A significant number of our directors possess experience in owning and/or managing public and privately held enterprises and are familiar with corporate finance and strategic business planning activities that are unique to publicly traded companies like ours. See the directors biographical information set forth above for the important characteristics considered by our Board in determining that our directors should serve as directors of the Company. Since the Company s 2025 Annual Meeting, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee evaluated candidates based on the various factors described above and the candidates qualifications, including each candidate s strength of character, judgment, familiarity with the Company s business and industry, independence of thought and an ability to work collegially with the other members of the Board. Various candidates interviewed with the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and select members of management. Through this process, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee received input from directors and stakeholders and identified a number of qualified director candidates who together represented experience in the areas of leadership, human resources, finance, digital connectivity and strategy, international business transactions, and board level strategy. From these highly qualified candidates, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee recommended to the Board that it appoint Mr. Satpathy as a new director in 2025 and Mr. Guillen as a new director with a term commencing on January 1, 2026. In selecting Messrs. Satpathy and Guillen as new directors, our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee considered the skills and experience that would best complement our strategic imperatives and ensure healthy Board refreshment. Specifically, it selected Mr. Satpathy in light of his diverse industry experience and project execution, which supports our innovation and growth strategies. Additionally, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee selected Mr. Guillen based on his global experience in leading transformative projects and fostering a culture of innovation which fosters the Company s progress as a growth compounder driven by its unique culture based on employee ownership and purpose of Making Life Better. The 2025 addition of Ingersoll Rand 27 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Mr. Satpathy and selection of Mr. Guillen (for 2026 commencement), following the retirements of Mr. Forsee and Ms. Arnold, evidences our focus on refreshment, and reduced our average director tenure. Additionally, our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee determined that Messrs. Satpathy and Guillen did not have any arrangements or understandings with any other person pursuant to which each was selected as a director, nor did either have a direct or indirect material interest in any transactions that would require disclosure under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K at the time of appointment. In connection with its annual nomination of the full slate of nominees at this year s Annual Meeting, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee assessed the contributions of those directors recommended for re-election in keeping with the director evaluation process described above and other identified needs of the Board. This annual director nomination process resulted in the Board s nomination for election at the Annual Meeting of the ten incumbent directors named in Proposal 1 in this Proxy Statement. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee will consider director candidates recommended by stockholders. Any recommendation submitted to the Secretary of the Company should be in writing and should include any supporting material the stockholder considers appropriate in support of that recommendation, but must include information that would be required under the rules of the SEC to be included in a proxy statement soliciting proxies for the election of such candidate and a written consent of the candidate to serve as one of our directors if elected. Stockholders wishing to propose a candidate for consideration may do so by submitting the above information to the attention of the Secretary of the Company, Ingersoll Rand Inc., 525 Harbour Place Drive, Suite 600, Davidson, North Carolina 28036. All recommendations for nomination received by the Secretary of the Company that satisfy our Bylaw requirements relating to such director nominations will be presented to the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee for its consideration. Stockholders must also satisfy the notification, timeliness, consent and information requirements set forth in our Bylaws. Additionally, in 2023, we adopted a proxy access bylaw provision which allows eligible stockholders to nominate candidates for election to our Board and include such candidates in our proxy statement and proxy card subject to the terms, conditions, procedures and deadlines set forth in our Bylaws. Our proxy access bylaw provides that holders of at least 3% of our outstanding shares, held by up to 20 stockholders, holding the shares continuously for at least three years, can nominate up to the greater of two directors or 20% of our Board for election at an annual stockholders meeting. These requirements are also described under the caption Stockholder Proposals for the 2026 Annual Meeting. Ingersoll Rand 28 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Executive Officers of the Company Set forth below is certain information regarding each of our current executive officers, other than Vicente Reynal, whose biographical information is presented under Director Biographies and Qualifications. Matt Emmerich Years of Service: 3 Age: 50 Since July 2023, as chief information officer (CIO), Matt Emmerich has led the overall strategy and execution of the company s global technology footprint across technology operations, infrastructure, applications and information security. His leadership is critical to the company s cyber risk management and innovation strategies. As a proven leader in information technology, Mr. Emmerich has extensive experience driving enterprise transformation, M A integrations and building diverse, high-performing teams. In addition, he has leadership experience at scale in digital innovation, global market operations and cybersecurity. Prior to joining Ingersoll Rand in 2023, Mr. Emmerich held senior leadership roles at Polaris, including the CIO, vice president of Global Chief Digital Information Services and vice president of Service. Mr. Emmerich received his master of business administration from St. Cloud State University and his bachelor s degree from St. John s University. Elizabeth M. Hepding Years of Service: 5 Age: 48 Since July 2021, Elizabeth Hepding has served as the senior vice president of corporate development. Prior to that, Ms. Hepding has had more than 20 years of experience in mergers and acquisitions and strategy, most recently as part of the team at PurposeBuilt Brands, Inc. ( PurposeBuilt Brands ) a portfolio of category-leading, efficacy-driven specialty cleaning and disinfection brands, where she served as vice president of corporate development and guided the company s expansion through acquisitions. Prior to joining PurposeBuilt Brands in 2019, Ms. Hepding was senior vice president, strategy and corporate development at Essendant Inc., a leading national distributor of workplace items for six years, where she was responsible for all acquisitions, divestitures and partnerships, as well as enterprise strategy including transformational initiatives. Ms. Hepding began her career in investment banking, spending more than a decade in the industry, primarily at UBS Investment Bank where she held roles of increasing responsibility. Ms. Hepding currently serves as a member of the board of directors of TIC Solutions, Inc. Ms. Hepding received a master of business administration from the University of Chicago Booth School of Business and bachelor s degree from Washington Lee University. Ingersoll Rand 29 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Kathleen M. Keene Years of Service: 6 Age: 52 Kathleen Keene has served as our senior vice president and chief human resources officer since June 2021. Ms. Keene also has responsibility for the Company s communications function. Ms. Keene joined Ingersoll-Rand plc in 2016 prior to the Merger as director of Human Resources ( HR ) for corporate functions and then led a global HR team supporting the company s Fluid Management, Material Handling and Power Tools business units. Prior to her current role, Ms. Keene most recently served as the HR business partner for Ingersoll Rand s global Precision and Science Technologies segment while also leading the North America region HR team. Prior to joining Ingersoll-Rand plc, Ms. Keene started her career with General Electric Company, a multinational conglomerate, and SABIC, a multinational chemical manufacturing company. Ms. Keene holds a bachelor s degree in business administration and management from Pennsylvania State University. Vikram Kini Years of Service: 15 Age: 45 Vikram Kini has served as our senior vice president and chief financial officer since June 2020. He joined Gardner Denver as its director of Financial Planning and Analysis in 2011, has served as Gardner Denver s vice president of Investor Relations since 2012, and has held other various finance leadership roles since 2012, including vice president of Financial Planning and Analysis and vice president of Finance, Industrials segment. Prior to joining Gardner Denver, Mr. Kini served in various financial roles with General Electric Company, a multinational conglomerate, and SABIC, a multinational chemical manufacturing company. He currently serves as a member of the board of directors of UL Solutions. Mr. Kini holds a bachelor s degree in business administration from Boston University. Ingersoll Rand 30 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Andrew Schiesl Years of Service: 13 Age: 54 Since the completion of the Merger, Andrew Schiesl has served as the senior vice president, general counsel, chief compliance officer and secretary of the Company. He leads legal, compliance, and corporate governance, as well as the Company s Environmental, Health and Safety (EHS) and sustainability efforts. Prior to this role, Mr. Schiesl served as vice president, general counsel, chief compliance officer and secretary at Gardner Denver since 2013, and was also responsible for leading human resources at Gardner Denver in addition to Gardner Denver s legal, compliance, governance, communications, EHS, and risk management functions. Previously, Mr. Schiesl served as vice president and general counsel of Quad/Graphics, Inc., a commercial printing business, from 2003 until he joined Gardner Denver. He was also senior counsel at Harley-Davidson, Inc., after beginning his career practicing law with Foley Lardner LLP in Milwaukee. Mr. Schiesl received a bachelor s degree in political science and history from the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee and a juris doctor from the University of Pennsylvania School of Law. He holds a master of business administration from the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University. Michael A. Weatherred Years of Service: 8 Age: 64 Since the completion of the Merger, Michael A. Weatherred has served as the senior vice president of the Company, leading Ingersoll Rand Execution Excellence (IRX). Since December 2023, he has also had responsibility for Demand Generation Excellence (DGX), and since June 2025, he has served as the executive leader of the Company s Precision Science Technologies segment. Prior to the Merger, Mr. Weatherred served as vice president of Execution Excellence at Gardner Denver. He joined Gardner Denver in May 2018 as vice president of Gardner Denver Operating Systems. Prior to joining Gardner Denver, Mr. Weatherred served as vice president of Growth in the Danaher Business System Office of Danaher Corporation from 2013 to May 2018. Before that, he spent 12 years at Danaher in its Dental and Product ID platforms in various general management, marketing and strategic account roles. Prior to joining Danaher in 2002, Mr. Weatherred spent time at Honeywell and Black Decker in various sales, marketing and general management roles. Mr. Weatherred earned a bachelor of science in accounting from Pittsburg State University and a master of business administration from Loyola University. Ingersoll Rand 31 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL TWO: Ratification of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm The Audit Committee has selected Deloitte Touche LLP to serve as our independent registered public accounting firm for 2026. Although ratification is not required by our Bylaws or otherwise, the Board is submitting the selection of Deloitte Touche LLP to our stockholders for ratification because we value our stockholders views on the Company s independent registered public accounting firm. If our stockholders fail to ratify the selection, it will be considered as notice to the Board and the Audit Committee to consider the selection of a different firm. Even if the selection is ratified, the Audit Committee, in its discretion, may select a different independent registered public accounting firm at any time during the year if it determines that such a change would be in the best interests of the Company and our stockholders. Representatives of Deloitte Touche LLP are expected to be present at the Annual Meeting. They also will have the opportunity to make a statement if they desire to do so, and they are expected to be available to respond to appropriate questions. The shares represented by your proxy will be voted for the ratification of the selection of Deloitte Touche LLP unless you specify otherwise. Audit and Non-Audit Fees In connection with the audit of the 2025 financial statements, we entered into an agreement with Deloitte Touche LLP which set forth the terms by which Deloitte Touche LLP would perform audit services for the Company. The following table sets forth the aggregate fees for professional services provided by Deloitte Touche LLP for the audit of our financial statements for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 and fees billed for other services rendered by Deloitte Touche LLP for those periods, all of which were approved by the Audit Committee. For the Years Ended December 31, (in thousands) 2024 $ 2025 $ Fees: Audit fees (1) 8,413 8,368 Audit Related fees (2) 2,109 778 Tax fees (3) 3,909 4,348 All other fees (4) 120 Total 14,551 13,494 1. Audit fees include fees for the annual integrated audit, quarterly reviews, and non-U.S. statutory audits. 2. Audit related fees include fees primarily for business due diligence services related to various acquisitions. 3. Tax fees primarily consist of fees for tax advisory services related to acquisitions and restructurings, but also include fees for income tax, transfer pricing and other required tax filings in non-US jurisdictions. 4. All other fees in 2024 pertain to advice and recommendations related to the Company s planned adoption of the EU Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD), including European Sustainability Reporting Standards (ESRS) disclosure gap assessment; data, processes and controls; and double materiality assessment. Ingersoll Rand 32 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS The Audit Committee pre-approved all the services included in the above table. The Audit Committee of the Board considered whether providing the non-audit services included in this table was compatible with maintaining Deloitte Touche LLP s independence and concluded that it was. Consistent with SEC policies regarding auditor independence and our Audit Committee s charter, the Audit Committee has responsibility for engaging, setting compensation for and reviewing the performance of the independent registered public accounting firm. In exercising this responsibility, the Audit Committee has established procedures relating to the approval of all audit and non-audit services that are to be performed by our independent registered public accounting firm and pre-approves all audit and permitted non-audit services provided by any independent registered public accounting firm prior to each engagement. Your Board of Directors recommends that you vote FOR the ratification of Deloitte Touche LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for 2026. Ingersoll Rand 33 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Report of the Audit Committee The Audit Committee operates pursuant to a charter which is reviewed annually by the Audit Committee. Additionally, a brief description of the primary responsibilities of the Audit Committee is included in this Proxy Statement under The Board of Directors and Certain Governance Matters Board Committees and Meetings Audit Committee. Under the Audit Committee charter, our management is responsible for the preparation, presentation and integrity of our financial statements, the application of accounting and financial reporting principles and our internal controls and procedures designed to assure compliance with accounting standards and applicable laws and regulations. The independent registered public accounting firm is responsible for auditing our financial statements and expressing an opinion as to their conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. In the performance of its oversight function, the Audit Committee reviewed and discussed the audited financial statements of the Company with management and with the independent registered public accounting firm. The Audit Committee also discussed with the independent registered public accounting firm the matters required to be discussed by the applicable requirements of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board and the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). In addition, the Audit Committee received the written disclosures and the letter from the independent registered public accounting firm required by applicable requirements of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding the independent registered public accounting firm s communications with the Audit Committee concerning independence and discussed with the independent registered public accounting firm their independence. Based upon the review and discussions described in the preceding paragraph, the Audit Committee recommended to the Board that the audited financial statements of the Company be included in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025, filed with the SEC. Submitted by the Audit Committee of the Company s Board of Directors: John Humphrey, Chair William P. Donnelly Jennifer Hartsock JoAnna L. Sohovich Ingersoll Rand 34 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL THREE: Non-Binding Vote to Approve Executive Compensation The Company is requesting that stockholders vote, on a non-binding basis, to approve the compensation of our named executive officers as discussed in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis and the tabular executive compensation disclosure, including the Summary Compensation Table and accompanying narrative disclosure. While the results of the vote are non-binding and advisory in nature, the Board of Directors intends to carefully consider the results of this vote. As described in Compensation Discussion and Analysis section of this Proxy Statement, our executive compensation programs and underlying principles, as developed and administered by the Compensation Committee, are designed to provide competitive pay opportunities to support the attraction and retention of highly qualified executives while promoting our core values. Our executive compensation programs are structured to be consistent with our pay for performance philosophy and utilize performance measures that are intended to align the executive team s incentives with the long-term interests of the Company and its stockholders. The text of the resolution in respect of Proposal No. 3 is as follows: RESOLVED, that the compensation paid to the Company s named executive officers, as disclosed pursuant to Item 402 of Regulation S-K, including the Compensation Discussion and Analysis, compensation tables and related narrative discussion, is hereby APPROVED. In considering their vote, stockholders may wish to review with care the information on our compensation policies and decisions regarding the named executive officers presented in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis, as well as the discussion regarding the Compensation Committee presented in this Proxy Statement. Your Board of Directors recommends that you vote FOR the approval of the compensation paid to our named executive officers. Ingersoll Rand 35 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Report of the Compensation Committee The Compensation Committee has reviewed and discussed the following Compensation Discussion and Analysis with management. Based on its review and discussion with management, the Compensation Committee recommended to the Board of Directors that the Compensation Discussion and Analysis be included in this Proxy Statement and incorporated by reference into the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025. Submitted by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors: Michelle Swanenburg, Chair Jerome Guillen Jennifer Hartsock Marc E. Jones Mark P. Stevenson Ingersoll Rand 36 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Executive Compensation Letter From the Compensation Committee Dear Fellow Stockholders: The Compensation Committee (the Committee ) of the Board of Directors of Ingersoll Rand is responsible for overseeing the Company s executive compensation program. Our role is to ensure that the Company s compensation philosophy, program design, and pay outcomes effectively support the Company s strategy, reinforce a strong pay-for-performance culture, and align the interests of our executives with those of our stockholders. The Committee s overarching objective is to attract, motivate, and retain highly qualified executive talent capable of delivering sustained long-term value. In carrying out this objective, we focus on: Pay-for-performance: A substantial portion of executive compensation is performance-based and at risk, with payouts dependent on the achievement of pre-established financial goals. Long-term value creation: Compensation is designed to emphasize long-term incentives that align executive decision-making with stockholder value creation. Market competitiveness: Target compensation levels are informed by competitive market data and our compensation philosophy, and tailored based on role scope, experience, performance, and internal pay alignment. Strong governance: The program reflects corporate governance best practices and is reviewed regularly to ensure it remains appropriate as the Company s strategy and external environment evolve. During the past year, the Committee reviewed the Company s performance in light of its strategic priorities and operating environment. We considered financial and operational results, progress against long-term objectives, individual executive performance, and stockholder feedback. Based on this review, the Committee made compensation decisions it believes appropriately reflect performance and reinforce alignment with stockholder interests. The Committee values ongoing dialogue with our stockholders and considers stockholder perspectives an important input in the evolution of our executive compensation program. Feedback received through our stockholder engagement efforts and advisory say-on-pay vote continues to inform our approach and reinforces our commitment to transparency and responsiveness. At our 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, 96% of votes were cast in favor of our Say-on-Pay resolution. We believe this strong support is a direct result of our commitment to a pay-for-performance philosophy as well as our stockholder engagement efforts, and emphasizes the importance of ongoing, proactive stockholder outreach. We would like to extend our sincere thanks to the stockholders with whom we spoke for their insights and support, and we look forward to continuing our open dialogue. We hope that after reviewing the following materials, you will vote in favor of our executive compensation program at our 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Michelle Swanenburg Chair of the Compensation Committee Jennifer Hartsock Independent Director Marc E. Jones Independent Director Mark Stevenson Independent Director Jerome Guillen Independent Director Sincerely, Ingersoll Rand Compensation Committee Ingersoll Rand 37 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS STOCKHOLDER OUTREACH AND ENGAGEMENT; SAY ON PAY RESULT Ingersoll Rand values our stockholders perspectives, and each year proactively interacts with investors through numerous engagement activities including our annual stockholder meeting, quarterly earnings calls, and various investor conferences. Throughout 2025, management proactively engaged directly with 86 of our stockholders with actively managed funds, discussing a broad array of topics, including executive compensation. These meetings represented approximately 84% of our stockholders with actively managed funds, and 67% of our total stockholder base. These engagements were through quarterly business updates, non-deal roadshows and investor meetings, and resulted in over 1,200 individual investor touchpoints where we were able to communicate the Company s strategy and long-term objectives and receive feedback from our stockholders. In general, our stockholders communicated to us during these engagements that they were pleased with our executive compensation program and preferred to focus on other topics such as business strategy, organic and inorganic growth, overall governance, and succession planning. This feedback is consistent with the 96% support that we received at the Company s 2025 Annual Meeting for our Say-on-Pay proposal. Our stockholder engagement efforts reflect the importance we place on ongoing, proactive stockholder outreach. We appreciate our stockholders taking the time to provide us with their insights. Ingersoll Rand 38 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Compensation Discussion and Analysis EXECUTIVE SUMMARY The Committee s overarching objective is to attract, motivate, and retain highly qualified executive talent capable of delivering sustained long term value. This objective has yielded industry-leading products and services and has created superior financial and stock price performance for our stockholders. 2025 Business Highlights 2025 was a year of resilience and disciplined execution for Ingersoll Rand. Despite a rapidly changing global and economic landscape, we achieved impressive results with orders growing 9% year-over-year, and revenues increasing 6%. Free Cash Flow (FCF) exceeded $1.2 billion, enabling us to strengthen our portfolio by investing $525 million across 16 strategic acquisitions and returning more than $1 billion to stockholders through share repurchases and dividends. These results reflect our identity as a growth compounder focused on durable, long-term value creation through our Economic Growth Engine . We are led by our purpose Making Life Better and drive differentiated performance through our guiding principles: an ownership mindset culture, the Ingersoll Rand Execution Excellence (IRX) business system, a disciplined approach towards mergers and acquisitions (M A), and our commitment to organic growth. These principles guide every decision we make, which has powered our achievements in 2025 and continues to shape our future. Our Economic Growth Engine Ingersoll Rand 39 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS We delivered another successful year in 2025. A few key highlights include: 1 Adjusted EBITDA is a non-GAAP metric and represents net income before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization and certain non-cash, non-recurring and other adjustment items. For a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to Net Income, see Annex A to this Proxy Statement. Adjusted EBITDA margin represents Adjusted EBITDA as a percentage of revenue. 2 Adjusted EPS is defined as Adjusted Net Income Attributable to Ingersoll Rand Inc. divided by Adjusted Diluted Average Shares Outstanding. Adjusted Net Income Attributable to Ingersoll Rand Inc. is defined as net income including interest, depreciation and amortization of non-acquisition related intangible assets and excluding other items used to calculate Adjusted EBITDA and further adjusted for the tax effect of these exclusions less net income attributable to noncontrolling interest. For a reconciliation of Adjusted Net Income to Net Income, see Annex A to this Proxy Statement. 3 Free Cash Flow is a non-GAAP metric and represents cash flows from operating activities less capital expenditures. For a reconciliation of Free Cash Flow to cash flows from operating activities, see Annex A to this P