=== EVRG_2026-03-26.htm.gz ===
TABLE OF CONTENTS UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential for use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional materials Soliciting Material under 240.14a-12 Evergy, Inc. (Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box) No fee required. Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11. TABLE OF CONTENTS TABLE OF CONTENTS A LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS Evergy, Inc. One Kansas City Place 1200 Main Street Kansas City, Missouri 64105 March 26, 2026 Dear Fellow Shareholders: On behalf of the Evergy Board of Directors (the Board ), we are pleased to invite you to Evergy s 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (the Annual Meeting ) to be held on Tuesday, May 5, 2026 at 10:00 a.m. Central Daylight Time. We look forward to conducting the annual business of the company and sharing an overview of our 2025 results with each of you. Below is an overview of some of the highlights of the last year. Advancing affordability, reliability, and sustainability for our customers: In 2025, we made significant progress in advancing economic development opportunities, growing our large load customer pipeline to over 15 gigawatts. Approval of new large-load power service tariffs in both Kansas and Missouri in 2025 established the framework under which new large load customers can locate in our service territory while paying a premium rate relative to existing industrial customers. These tariffs were integral to the recent announcement of four major data center projects in our service territory representing 1.9 gigawatts of steady-state peak demand. In 2025, we also received approvals from Kansas and Missouri regulators to construct three new natural gas facilities and three solar farms totaling nearly 2,200 megawatts which further advance our all-of-the-above-generation strategy. We are excited to support economic development and we believe that the promising opportunities before us reflect the strong geographic advantages of our region, supportive business and energy policies, and the shared approach amongst our many stakeholders. A year of strong operational performance: While our financial results in 2025 were below expectations due primarily to lower-than-expected weather-normalized demand and mild weather in the second and third quarters, our operational performance was strong. Safety remains at the core of our daily operations, and we were pleased to achieve a significant reduction in the number of injuries in 2025. We also improved reliability performance, as reflected by lower average outage duration and frequency for our customers and a lower forced outage rate in our generation fleet. Board of directors: The composition of our Board aligns with the Company s long-term business and strategic needs while maintaining an effective mix of broad skills and high-value experience. We believe our Board benefits from having a wide variety of backgrounds and experiences across business industries and shared core competencies that combine to help us deliver long-term shareholder and customer value, strong financial performance, and growth throughout the changing energy landscape. Turning opportunity into growth: With increased investments in electric infrastructure to meet demand, we believe Evergy is well-positioned to empower a better future for our customers, communities, and shareholders. We are committed to effective governance to best represent your interests as shareholders of our company and are investing to meet the growing energy demand that will fuel economic growth, all while providing sound operational execution and advancing our strategic objectives of affordability, reliability and sustainability. Annual Meeting details: This year s Annual Meeting will once again be held exclusively via live webcast. Details on how to participate in the Annual Meeting, including how and when to vote and submit questions, are included in this proxy statement along with other information. Your vote is very important, so please cast it promptly, even if you plan to participate in the Annual Meeting. Sincerely, David A. Campbell B. Anthony Isaac Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Lead Independent Director TABLE OF CONTENTS TABLE OF CONTENTS Notice of Annual Meeting of Shareholders 1 Proxy Statement Summary and Highlights 2 PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS 11 Corporate Governance Matters 23 Board Structure 23 Corporate Governance Practices 27 Director Independence 29 Other Matters 30 Director Compensation 31 PROPOSAL 2: ADVISORY VOTE TO APPROVE EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 34 Executive Summary of Compensation Matters 35 2025 Compensation Program Summary 35 Stakeholder-Focused Modifications to 2026 Compensation Program 37 Strong Compensation Governance Practices 37 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 38 Compensation Philosophy, Objectives, and Process 38 Summary and Analysis of Executive Compensation 40 Compensation Committee Report 52 Executive Compensation Tables 53 Summary Compensation Table 53 Grants of Plan-Based Awards 55 Narrative Analysis of Summary Compensation Table and Grants of Plan-Based Awards Table 55 Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 56 Vested Stock Awards 57 Pension Benefits 58 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation 60 Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change-in-Control 61 Pay versus Performance Table 65 CEO Pay Ratio 70 PROPOSAL 3: RATIFICATION OF APPOINTMENT OF DELOITTE TOUCHE LLP 71 Information Regarding Audit Matters 71 Audit Committee Report 73 Security Ownership of Directors, Management and Beneficial Owners 75 Frequently Asked Questions 77 Appendix A Non-GAAP Reconciliation for Results A-1 Appendix B GAAP to non-GAAP Financial Metric Reconciliation B-1 TABLE OF CONTENTS Cautionary Statements Regarding Certain Forward-Looking Information Statements made in this proxy statement that are not based on historical facts are forward-looking, may involve risks and uncertainties, and are intended to be as of the date when made. Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements relating to Evergy s strategic plan, including, without limitation, those related to earnings per share, dividend, operating and maintenance expense and capital investment goals; the outcome of legislative efforts and regulatory and legal proceedings; future energy demand, including demand driven by new and existing customers; future power prices; plans with respect to existing and potential future generation resources; the availability and cost of generation resources and energy storage; target emissions reductions; and other matters relating to expected financial performance or affecting future operations. Forward-looking statements are often accompanied by forward-looking words such as anticipates, believes, expects, estimates, forecasts, guidance, should, could, may, seeks, intends, predict, potential, opportunities, proposed, projects, planned, target, budget, outlook, remain confident, goal, will or other words of similar meaning. Forward-looking statements involve risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking information. In connection with the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Evergy, Inc., Evergy Kansas Central, Inc. and Evergy Metro, Inc. (collectively, the Evergy Companies ) are providing a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ from the forward-looking information. These risks, uncertainties and other factors include, but are not limited to: economic and weather conditions and any impact on sales, prices and costs; significant changes in the demand for electricity, including demand from data centers and other large load customers; changes in business strategy or operations, including with respect to the Evergy Companies strategy to meet demand requirements of existing and future customers; uncertainties related to projected rapid growth in electricity demand driven primarily by data centers and other large load customers and the related requirement for new generation and transmission investments, creating capital access, revenue recovery and customer affordability risks; the impact of federal, state and local political, legislative, judicial and regulatory actions or developments, including deregulation, re-regulation, securitization and restructuring of the electric utility industry; prolonged or recurring U.S. federal government shutdowns; changes in U.S. trade policies (including tariffs and other trade measures) and responses from other countries; the ability to build or acquire generation, battery storage and transmission facilities to meet the future demand for electricity from customers; the ability to control costs, avoid costs and schedule overruns during the development, construction and operation of generation, battery storage, transmission, distribution or other projects due to challenges, which include, but are not limited to, changes in labor costs, availability and productivity, challenges with the management of contractors or vendors, subcontractor performance, shortages, delays, increased costs or inconsistent quality of equipment, materials and labor and increased financing costs as a result of changes in interest rates or as a result of project delays; decisions of regulators regarding, among other things, customer rates and the prudency of operational decisions such as capital expenditures and asset retirements; changes in applicable laws, regulations, rules, principles or practices, or the interpretations thereof, governing tax, accounting and environmental matters, including air and water quality and waste management and disposal; development, adoption and use of artificial intelligence by the Evergy Companies and its third-party vendors; the impact of climate change, including increased frequency and severity of significant weather events; risks relating to potential wildfires, including costs of litigation, potential regulatory penalties and damages in excess of insurance liability coverage; the extent to which counterparties are willing to do business with, finance the operations of or purchase energy from the Evergy Companies due to the fact that the Evergy Companies operate coal-fired generation; prices and availability of electricity and natural gas in wholesale markets; market perception of the energy industry and the Evergy Companies; the impact of future pandemic health events on, among other things, sales, results of operations, financial position, liquidity and cash flows, and also on operational issues, such as supply chain issues and the availability and ability of the Evergy Companies employees and suppliers to perform the functions that are necessary to operate the Evergy Companies; changes in the energy trading markets in which the Evergy Companies participate, including retroactive repricing of transactions by regional transmission organizations (RTO) and independent system operators; financial market conditions and performance, disruptions in the banking industry, including volatility in interest rates and credit spreads and in availability and cost of capital and the effects on derivatives and hedges and ability to obtain capital to finance large construction projects, nuclear decommissioning trust and pension plan assets and costs; impairments of long-lived assets or goodwill; credit ratings; inflation rates; effectiveness of risk management policies and procedures and the ability of counterparties to satisfy their contractual commitments including new large data center customers; impact of physical and cybersecurity breaches, criminal activity, terrorist attacks, acts of war and other disruptions to the Evergy Companies facilities or information technology infrastructure or the facilities and infrastructure of third-party service providers on which the Evergy Companies rely; impact of geopolitical conflicts on the global energy market, including the ability to contract for non-Russian sourced uranium; ability to carry out marketing and sales plans; cost, availability, quality and timely provision of equipment, supplies, labor and fuel; ability to achieve generation goals and the occurrence and duration of planned and unplanned generation outages; the Evergy Companies ability to manage their generation, transmission and distribution development plans and transmission joint ventures; the inherent risks associated with the ownership and operation of a nuclear facility, including environmental, health, safety, regulatory and financial risks; workforce risks, including those related to the Evergy Companies ability to attract and retain qualified personnel, maintain satisfactory relationships with their labor unions and manage costs of, or changes in, wages, retirement, health care and other benefits; disruption, costs and uncertainties caused by or related to the actions of individuals or entities, such as activist shareholders or special interest groups, that seek to influence Evergy s strategic plan, financial results or operations; the impact of changing expectations and demands of the Evergy Companies customers, regulators, investors and stakeholders, including differing views on environmental, social and governance concerns; the possibility that strategic initiatives, including mergers, acquisitions, joint ventures and divestitures, and long-term financial plans, may not create the value that they are expected to achieve in a timely manner or at all; difficulties in maintaining relationships with customers, employees, contractors, regulators or suppliers; the outcome of litigation involving the Evergy Companies; and other risks and uncertainties. This list of factors is not all-inclusive because it is not possible to predict all factors. You should also carefully consider the information contained in the Evergy Companies other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). Additional risks and uncertainties are discussed from time to time in current, quarterly and annual reports filed by the Evergy Companies with the SEC, including those described in Part I, Item 1.A. of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025 (the 2025 Annual Report ). New factors emerge from time to time, and it s not possible for the Evergy Companies to predict all such factors, nor can the Evergy Companies assess the impact of each such factor on the business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained or implied in any forward-looking statement. Given these uncertainties, undue reliance should not be placed on these forward-looking statements. The Evergy Companies undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. TABLE OF CONTENTS NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS WHEN Tuesday, May 5, 2026 Check-In Time: 9:45 a.m. (Central Daylight Time) Meeting Time: 10:00 a.m. (Central Daylight Time) WHERE The Evergy, Inc. 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (the 2026 Annual Meeting ) will be held in a virtual meeting format only and can be accessed via live audio webcast at: www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/EVRG2026. There will be no physical meeting location. MATTERS OF BUSINESS At this meeting, you will be asked to: Board s Voting Recommendation: 1. Elect the nominees named in the attached proxy statement as directors; 2. Provide an advisory non-binding vote to approve the 2025 compensation of our named executive officers; 3. Ratify the appointment of Deloitte Touche LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for 2026; and 4. Transact any other business as may properly come before the meeting or any adjournments or postponements thereof. PROXY STATEMENT This notice of annual meeting and proxy statement, the accompanying proxy card and our 2025 Annual Report are made available to, and mailed, beginning on or about March 26, 2026, to certain holders of our common stock for the solicitation of proxies by our Board of Directors (the Board ) for the 2026 Annual Meeting. We distribute proxy materials to many shareholders via the internet under the Securities and Exchange Commission s ( SEC ) Notice and Access rules, thereby capturing cost and environmental benefits. On or about March 26, 2026, we are first mailing a Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials ( Notice ) that contains information about our 2026 Annual Meeting and instructions on how to view all proxy materials on the internet. Also included are instructions on how to vote and how to request a paper or email copy of the proxy materials. Shareholders of record at the close of business on March 2, 2026, are entitled to notice of, and to vote at, the 2026 Annual Meeting or any adjournment thereof. The Board encourages you to read this document carefully and take this opportunity to vote on the matters to be decided at the 2026 Annual Meeting. In this proxy statement, we refer to Evergy, Inc. as we, us, our, Company, or Evergy, unless the context clearly indicates otherwise. By Order of the Board of Directors, IMPORTANT NOTICE REGARDING THE AVAILABILITY OF PROXY MATERIALS FOR THE SHAREHOLDER MEETING TO BE HELD ON MAY 5, 2026: This notice of annual meeting and proxy statement and our 2025 Annual Report are available at https://materials.proxyvote.com/30034W Heather A. Humphrey Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary Notice of Annual Meeting of Shareholders | Proxy Statement | Evergy 2026 Proxy Statement 1 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Statement Summary and Highlights About Evergy Evergy s Business. Evergy, Inc. (Nasdaq: EVRG), a public utility holding company ( Evergy or the Company ), engages in the generation, transmission, distribution, and sale of electricity to approximately 1.7 million customers in the states of Kansas and Missouri. Our 2025 Annual Report contains additional information about our businesses. This section is a summary and you should read the entire proxy statement before voting. Evergy s Culture. Evergy s mission-driven culture creates an environment of performance; engages talented people who power our Company; and sets high standards for operational excellence, continuous improvement, and sustained execution. Proxy Statement Summary and Highlights | Evergy 2026 Proxy Statement 2 TABLE OF CONTENTS 2025 Highlights Continuing to Advance Our Strategy . Evergy s mission is to empower a better future, and our vision is to lead the way in delivering affordable, reliable, and sustainable energy that creates the foundation for thriving and growing communities. In 2025, through teamwork and dedication, we continued to deliver on our strategic plan and corporate initiatives to best position Evergy to advance growth and economic development opportunities in our region while remaining focused on consistently delivering against these strategic pillars. Affordability: Our emphasis on affordability and seeking improvements in regional rate competitiveness has delivered results for our customers and communities. Since 2017, Evergy s overall retail rates have increased a cumulative 4.9%, equal to approximately 0.5% annual inflation, well below the average rate increases in regional peer states and economy-wide inflation (as measured by the Consumer Price Index) over the same time period. (1) Reliability: Our focus on safe and reliable service includes investments to modernize our transmission and distribution infrastructure to improve reliability for our customers and improve the resiliency of the electric grid and its ability to withstand extreme weather. By replacing aging equipment and investing in smart grid technologies, we seek to enable further efficiency gains in serving our customers. Our focus on reliability also includes effectively managing our generation fleet and investing to meet the requirements of a changing energy industry, including the development of new dispatchable and renewable resources. In 2025, we met our corporate targets and performed well in safety, reliability, and forced outage rate. Sustainability: Evergy is making significant investments in infrastructure required to cost-effectively serve the growing needs of our customers while also advancing reliability and resiliency. Our 5-year capital expenditure plan includes investments to support the safe and efficient operation of existing resources, construct new generation assets, and further modernize our grid. Relative to our prior 5-year plan, a significant portion of the expected increase in capital expenditures is driven by new generation investment. In 2025, we received approval from our regulators to construct three new natural gas units and three new utility-scale solar projects, and we continue to evaluate additional projects as identified in our Integrated Resource Plan ( IRP ). We also advanced our distribution investment plan to enhance reliability and continue to offer pilot programs, such as our residential battery storage system program, to understand how new technology can increase grid resiliency while also benefiting customers. Financial Performance. Earnings. Evergy s 2025 earnings and diluted earnings per share ( EPS ), each calculated in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ), were $855.6 million and $3.66, respectively, compared to $873.5 million and $3.79 in 2024. Evergy s 2025 adjusted earnings (non-GAAP) and adjusted EPS (non-GAAP) were $893.8 million and $3.83, respectively, compared to $877.9 million and $3.81 in 2024. (2) Dividend Growth. We increased our quarterly dividend by approximately 4.0% to $0.6950 per share, or $2.78 per share on an annualized basis, consistent with our dividend growth target and targeted payout ratio of 60% to 70% in 2025. (1) Cumulative rate increase since the end of 2017 through the end of October 2025. Regional electric state data is sourced from the U.S. Energy Information Administration (EIA) and is comprised of revenues and sales for all sectors. 2025 data is based on a rolling 12-month average of total revenues and sales through the end of October 2025. (2) Adjusted earnings and adjusted EPS are not calculated in accordance with GAAP and are reconciled to the most comparable GAAP metrics in Appendix A to this proxy statement. Proxy Statement Summary and Highlights | Evergy 2026 Proxy Statement 3 TABLE OF CONTENTS Sustainability Evergy has achieved significant advancements in sustainability efforts and disclosures under the leadership and guidance of the Board and management. Highlights include: Emissions Reductions and Environmental Leadership. In 2025, Evergy achieved reductions of carbon dioxide ( CO 2 ) emissions from owned generation by 47%, and sulfur dioxide ( SO 2 ) and nitrogen oxide ( NO x ) emissions by 98% and 89%, respectively, compared to 2005 baseline numbers. In addition to these achieved reductions, Evergy has a goal to achieve net-zero carbon dioxide equivalent ( CO 2e ) emission, for scope 1 and 2 emissions, by 2050 through the responsible transition of Evergy s generation fleet. This goal and time frame are consistent with the majority of industry peers with stated net-zero emissions goals and are dependent on the evolution of Evergy s IRPs and many external factors, including enabling technology developments, trends in the total demand for electricity, the reliability of the power grid, availability of transmission capacity, supportive energy policies and regulations, and other factors. Generation Portfolio. Evergy produces nearly one-third of our annual power generation from renewable sources. When combined with the production from our Wolf Creek Nuclear Generating Station ( Wolf Creek ), almost half of the power generated for homes and businesses we serve comes from emission-free sources. Wind Generation. Capitalizing on the abundant wind resources in the region, Evergy owns over 4,500 megawatts of wind generation capacity. Our wind portfolio helps fuel Kansas state ranking as the third largest producer of renewable energy generation as a percentage of total generation in the United States. Solar Power Generation. Evergy supports a growing renewable energy portfolio, with ownership or financial participation in more than 75 solar installations across Kansas and Missouri. In 2025, approximately 20 megawatts of new solar capacity were placed into service, increasing the company s active solar portfolio to more than 65 megawatts. In addition, Evergy has initiated construction of its first two utility scale solar facilities, which together will add more than 165 megawatts of new capacity and are expected to enter service in early 2027. Looking ahead, Evergy anticipates continued investment in solar generation through the development of additional utility-scale projects, consistent with the Company s most recent IRP. Proxy Statement Summary and Highlights | Evergy 2026 Proxy Statement 4 TABLE OF CONTENTS Water Consumption Reduction Efforts. Solar and wind renewable generation do not utilize processed water. Therefore, utilizing more renewable generation will result in the reduction of both water withdrawals and the consumption of water. Evergy has also undertaken projects that reduce water usage and increase water re-use and recycling. Community Customer Engagement. In 2025, Evergy s corporate social impact strategy focused on community vitality and environmental leadership. Highlights of Evergy s strategic community and customer priorities include: Investing in our customers and communities. Through Evergy s community investments program, we donated nearly $7 million to nonprofit agencies and organizations. Significant support went to community development, business creation and expansion and workforce readiness programs. Additionally, Evergy directed strategic investments toward social service agencies that provide critical support to our vulnerable customers and communities. Connecting our vulnerable customers to needed resources . Evergy has a portfolio of programs designed to address different aspects of affordability, including bill payment assistance, arrearage relief, flexible payment arrangements, payment and outreach support to medically vulnerable customers and energy efficiency and weatherization partnerships. Evergy s customer teams are trained to help customers understand all the resources available and help layer this support depending on the customer s unique situation. Through Evergy s two Connect walk-in centers, specialists helped 54,000 customers, with customized service, to secure resources needed for bill payment and energy savings. Additionally, Evergy s mobile outreach team assisted another 15,000 customers and brought help to Evergy s smaller and rural communities. These teams also helped customers secure approximately $25 million in bill payment assistance funds from federal and other sources. Evergy s two new assistance programs in Missouri, Critical Medical Needs and Rehousing, provided critical bill assistance to those facing traumatic medical issues and helped customers enter stable, affordable housing with bill arrearage assistance. In 2025, we expanded the Rehousing program to also support seniors in danger of losing their housing and survivors of domestic violence. Additionally in Kansas, the Evergy Cares program assisted 1,600 customers with emergency bill assistance when traditional federal and state resources were not available. Improving the environment through community-based conservation and sustainability. In addition to providing community investments toward conservation and sustainability efforts, Evergy s Green Team completed 69 environmental projects in our service territory with 26 of those in vulnerable communities. A significant focus was the completion of the tree planting component of the Urban Heat Island mitigation project. The Green Team coordinated the planting of more than 1,000 trees in 2025, adding to the total planting of 1,700 along Kansas City s Independence Boulevard. Additionally, the Green Team focused on enhancing Missouri and Kansas riverways and creating and improving wildlife and pollinator habitats. These projects resulted in more than 100 wildlife and pollinator habitat installations, the removal of more than four tons of trash from riverways. Sustainability Reporting and Additional Information. For additional information about Evergy s sustainability efforts and reporting, please go to investors.evergy.com/sustainability where you will find links to Evergy s Sustainability Report, Sustainability Accounting Standards Board Report, Edison Electric Institute ( EEI ) Sustainability Metrics, the CDP (formerly Carbon Disclosure Project) Questionnaire, and the IRP Update. For more information on Evergy s policies and corporate governance and committee information, please go to: investors.evergy.com/corporate-governance/documents-charters . The contents of the investor relations website, including reports and documents contained therein, are not incorporated into this filing. Proxy Statement Summary and Highlights | Evergy 2026 Proxy Statement 5 TABLE OF CONTENTS Governance Highlights Topic Feature Shareholder Empowerment All Board members re-elected annually; no staggered terms Majority voting in uncontested elections Proxy access Shareholder right to call special meeting Independence and Corporate Governance Best Practices Lead Independent Director Independent Committee Chairs Standing executive sessions in Board and Committee meetings Annual self-evaluations Annual election of directors Shared oversight of risk management Robust stock ownership requirements - 6x base salary for CEO SEC compliant clawback policy and provisions in award agreements Whistleblower hotline No shareholder rights plan or poison pill No short selling, hedging, or pledging allowed by any employee or director Sustainable Operations and Greenhouse Gas Emission Reduction Board review of sustainability matters CO 2e emission goal of net-zero for scope 1 and 2, by 2050, assuming supportive energy policies and regulations and other external enabling factors are in place Almost half of power generated from non-CO 2 emitting sources in 2025 (compared to 2005 base levels) Transparent environmental disclosures Political Spending Board review of political spending Annual disclosure of political spending Cybersecurity Annual cybersecurity training and review of risk mitigation programs Board review of cybersecurity matters Proxy Statement Summary and Highlights | Evergy 2026 Proxy Statement 6 TABLE OF CONTENTS Board Refreshment and Succession Planning Evergy s Board is comprised of 12 directors, each of whom brings valuable experience and insight, along with regional expertise and perspectives, and helps Evergy maximize opportunities for economic development and civic engagement in our service territory as we navigate significant growth and change in the energy sector. Since 2020, eight new directors have filled vacancies on the Board, reflecting Evergy s commitment to board refreshment while maintaining continuity and governance effectiveness. Board Nominee Metrics Each of our director nominees exhibits practical wisdom, sound judgement, and financial acumen. Based on their breadth of experiences, the nominees are fully aligned with the competencies conducive to enhancing shareholder value. Additional information about our director nominees and their competencies can be found under Proposal 1 Election of Directors. Proxy Statement Summary and Highlights | Evergy 2026 Proxy Statement 7 TABLE OF CONTENTS Director Nominees Director Nominees Principal Occupation Age Director Since Committee Membership AC CLD FC NGS NOC David A. Campbell Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Evergy, Inc. 57 2021 B. Anthony Isaac Independent* Former Senior Vice President and Head of Select Service Strategy and Development, Hyatt Hotels Corporation 73 2003 Paul M. Keglevic Independent Former Chief Executive Officer, Energy Future Holdings Corp. 72 2020 C Mary L. Landrieu Independent Senior Policy Advisor, Van Ness Feldman, LLP and Former U.S. Senator for Louisiana 70 2021 Sandra A.J. Lawrence Independent Former Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer, Children s Mercy Hospital 68 2004 C Ann D. Murtlow Independent President and Chief Executive Officer, North Sound LLC and Former President and Chief Executive Officer, United Way of Central Indiana 65 2013 C Dean A. Newton Independent President and Chief Executive Officer, Delta Dental of Kansas, Inc. 55 2024 Sandra J. Price Independent Former Senior Vice President, Human Resources, Sprint Corporation 67 2016 C Jonathan D. Rolph Independent Chief Executive Officer, Thrive Restaurant Group 46 2025 James Scarola Independent Former Senior Vice President and Chief Nuclear Officer, Duke Energy/Progress Energy, Inc. 70 2022 C Neal A. Sharma Independent Former Chief Executive Officer, Digital Evolution Group 49 2023 C. John Wilder Independent Executive Chairman, Bluescape Energy Partners, LLC 68 2021 C * Lead Independent Director AC Audit Committee CLD Compensation and Leadership Development Committee FC Finance Committee NGS Nominating, Governance, and Sustainability Committee NOC Nuclear and Operations Committee Member C Committee Chair or Co-Chair Proxy Statement Summary and Highlights | Evergy 2026 Proxy Statement 8 TABLE OF CONTENTS 2025 Named Executive Officers Our named executive officers (also referred to as NEO or NEOs ) for 2025 are David A. Campbell, W. Bryan Buckler, Charles A. Caisley, Heather A. Humphrey, and Cleveland O. Reasoner III. Executive Compensation Highlights Evergy s compensation programs are designed to support the achievement of our business strategy without encouraging excessive risk-taking. We intend to attract and retain highly qualified executives, pay for performance, and reward long-term growth and sustained profitability. Consistent with these objectives, as shown below, a high percentage of total target direct compensation is based on performance. The graphics and table below do not include special inducement and retention awards. Additional information about our executive compensation can be found under Proposal 2 Advisory Vote to Approve Executive Compensation. The Compensation and Leadership Development Committee believes our executive compensation program features best-in-class governance practices, such as: Alignment between pay and performance Annual risk assessment Compensation heavily weighted to performance Standard annual equity grant cycle Regular review of performance against compensation targets and outlook for payouts SEC compliant clawback policy and provisions in award agreements Independent Committee oversight No employment agreements all NEOs are employed at will Standing Committee executive sessions No stock options Independent compensation consultant No repricing or backdating of stock options Double trigger change-in-control benefits No dividends for unvested awards Robust stock ownership guidelines No short selling, hedging or pledging Board review of succession plans No tax gross-ups Proxy Statement Summary and Highlights | Evergy 2026 Proxy Statement 9 TABLE OF CONTENTS Voting Matters Roadmap Agenda Item Board Recommendation Page 1: Elect the nominees named in the proxy statement as directors FOR each nominee 11 2: Approve the 2025 compensation of our named executive officers on an advisory non-binding basis FOR 34 3: Ratify the appointment of Deloitte Touche LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for 2026 FOR 71 Proxy Statement Summary and Highlights | Evergy 2026 Proxy Statement 10 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal 1 Election of Directors The Board recommends a vote FOR each of the director nominees Director Nominee Biographies The following summarizes the business experience of each nominee for at least the last five years, and the specific experience, qualifications, attributes, and skills that led the Board to conclude that each nominee should serve as a director. The Board believes that the items noted for each nominee demonstrate his or her superior leadership, high performance standards, mature judgment, strategic planning capabilities and ability to understand and oversee the Company s strategies, operations, and management. David A. Campbell Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer Director Since : 2021 Age : 57 Committee : Finance Executive Experience: David Campbell joined Evergy in January 2021 as President, and Chief Executive Officer. The Board designated Mr. Campbell as Chairman of the Board in May 2024. Under Mr. Campbell s leadership, Evergy focuses on providing safe, affordable, and reliable electric service to its 1.7 million customers in Kansas and Missouri. The Company s initiatives and investments target an enhanced customer experience, grid modernization, improved reliability and resiliency, cost competitiveness, and the ongoing transition of the Company s generation fleet. Mr. Campbell and his team are dedicated to ensuring that Evergy provides a rewarding and professional work environment for employees and engages as a trusted partner in the communities Evergy serves. Mr. Campbell served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Vistra Corp. (NYSE: VST) from June 2019 through December 2020. From 2014 through 2019, he served as Chief Executive Officer of InfraREIT, Inc. (NYSE: HIFR), a real estate investment trust that owned and leased rate-regulated electric transmission assets in Texas. Previously, Mr. Campbell worked at TXU Corp. (NYSE: TXU), and its successor, Energy Future Holdings, in various roles including Chief Executive Officer of Luminant and Chief Financial Officer of TXU Corp. Prior to joining TXU Corp., Mr. Campbell was a partner at McKinsey Company in Dallas, Texas. In 2026, Mr. Campbell joined the Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City s board of directors. Mr. Campbell serves on the board of directors of ESCO Technologies Inc. (NYSE: ESE) and is a member of its audit and finance committee. Mr. Campbell serves on the boards of the Truman Library Institute, Kansas City Area Development Council, the Edison Electric Institute, and Nuclear Electric Insurance Limited. Mr. Campbell is also a member of the Leadership Council of the Yale School of the Environment. Mr. Campbell earned a B.A. from Yale University, M.Phil. from Oxford University, and a J.D. from Harvard Law School. Skills and Qualifications: Mr. Campbell s qualifications to serve as our director and Chairman of the Board include his substantial leadership, financial and utility industry experience; and his experience serving as a director of a public company. Proposal 1 - Election of Directors | Director Nominee Biographies | Evergy 2026 Proxy Statement 11 TABLE OF CONTENTS B. Anthony Isaac Lead Independent Director Director Since : 2003 Age : 73 Committees : Compensation and Leadership Development Nominating, Governance, and Sustainability Executive Experience: Mr. Isaac was Senior Vice President and Head of Select Service Strategy and Development at Hyatt Hotels Corporation, a global hotel management, franchising, ownership and development company based in Chicago, Illinois with properties worldwide (2011-2015). He served as President of LodgeWorks, a Wichita, Kansas-based hotel management and development company (2000-2011). Before helping found LodgeWorks, Mr. Isaac served as President of the All-Suites Division of Wyndham Hotels and Resorts, an international hotel and resort chain based in Parsippany, New Jersey. He held the position of President of Summerfield Hotel Corp. prior to Summerfield s merger with Patriot American Hospitality/Wyndham International. Mr. Isaac served on the board of directors of CorePoint Lodging (NYSE: CPLG), a real estate investment trust focused on the hotel industry based in Irving, Texas (2018-2022), where he served as chair of the nominating and corporate governance committee and a member of the capital committee. Mr. Isaac earned a B.S. in civil engineering from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and a M.B.A. from Harvard University. Skills and Qualifications: Mr. Isaac s qualifications to serve as our director include his extensive leadership experience both as the chief executive officer of a privately-held company and as an executive with other large companies in the hotel industry, and his substantial experience with strategic planning and financial matters. He also has experience as a director of a public company and with corporate governance matters. Proposal 1 - Election of Directors | Director Nominee Biographies | Evergy 2026 Proxy Statement 12 TABLE OF CONTENTS Paul M. Keglevic Independent Director Since : 2020 Age : 72 Committees : Audit (Chair) Finance Executive Experience: Mr. Keglevic has over 40 years of experience with public companies across several industry sectors, including utilities, telecommunications, transportation, retail, and real estate. Mr. Keglevic served as Chief Executive Officer (2016-2018) and Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Risk Officer (2008-2016) of Energy Future Holdings, the majority owner of a regulated transmission and distribution business. Prior to that, Mr. Keglevic served as an audit partner at PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (PwC) (2002-2008), where he was the U.S. utility sector leader for six years. Prior to PwC, Mr. Keglevic led the utilities practice for Arthur Andersen LLP, where he was a partner for 15 years. Mr. Keglevic currently serves on the board of directors of QVC, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of QVC Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: QVCGA) (2025), a video and online retail commerce company operating primarily in North America, Europe, and Asia. He also currently serves on the board of directors of a non-public subsidiary of Telesat (Nasdaq: TSAT) (2025), a Canadian based satellite communications company located in Ottawa, Canada. Mr. Keglevic previously served on the board of directors of Frontier Communications Corporation (Nasdaq: FTR) (2019-2021), a national telecommunications company located in Norwalk, Connecticut, where he served on the finance committee and audit committee. He also served on the board of directors of Bonanza Creek Energy, Inc. (NYSE: BCEI) (2017-2021), an oil and gas company located in Denver, Colorado, where he served as chair of the audit committee and also served as chair of the nominating and corporate governance committee. In addition, he served on the boards of directors of Ascena Retail Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: ASNA) (2019-2021), Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. (NYSE: CCO) (2019), PetSmart, Inc. (Nasdaq: PETM), Stellus Capital Management, LLC (NYSE: SCM) (2014), Cobalt International Energy, Inc., Philadelphia Energy Solutions, Inc., Energy Future Holdings Corporation and several of its subsidiaries, WeWork Inc (NYSE: WE) (2023-2024), where he served as chairman, chair of the compensation committee and as a member of the nominating and corporate governance committee, Rite Aid Corporation (OTC: RADCQ) (2023-2024), where he served as chair of the audit committee, and Tupperware Brands Corporation (NYSE: TUP) (2023-2025), where he served as a member of the audit and finance and transformation committees. Mr. Keglevic has also served as a member of the board of directors of the Dallas and State of California Chambers of Commerce and several other charitable and advisory boards. Mr. Keglevic was named a board leadership fellow and is a certified director of the National Association of Corporate Directors ( NACD ). In 2025, he earned a computer emergency response team ( CERT ) Certificate in Cybersecurity Oversight issued by the NACD and the Software Engineering Institute at Carnegie Mellon University. Mr. Keglevic earned a B.S. in accounting from Northern Illinois University and is a certified public accountant. Skills and Qualifications: Mr. Keglevic s qualifications to serve as our director include his extensive experience with public companies, finance, accounting, regulatory issues, transactional and merger and acquisition activities and governance matters. Proposal 1 - Election of Directors | Director Nominee Biographies | Evergy 2026 Proxy Statement 13 TABLE OF CONTENTS Senator Mary L. Landrieu Independent Director Since : 2021 Age : 70 Committees : Nominating, Governance, and Sustainability Nuclear and Operations Executive Experience: Senator Landrieu is a senior policy advisor at Van Ness Feldman, LLP, a Washington D.C.-based law firm that focuses on environmental, energy policy and federal regulatory work (since 2015). She previously served on the board of directors of Tyler Technologies (NYSE: TYL) (2015-2024), a technology solution provider. Previously, she served as a United States Senator (1996-2014), where she chaired the Senate Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, served on the Senate Committee on Appropriations, chaired the Subcommittees on Homeland Security, Financial Services, General Government, and the District of Columbia, and chaired the Senate Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship. In her work on Homeland Security, Senator Landrieu led the disaster recovery efforts after Hurricane Katrina and the Gulf restoration efforts after the BP oil spill. She also was elected as Louisiana treasurer (1987-1995), and served as a member of the Louisiana legislature (1979-1987). Senator Landrieu currently serves on the board of trustees or board of directors of several national organizations supporting sustainable resource management and promoting education and children s welfare. Senator Landrieu earned a B.A. degree from Louisiana State University. Skills and Qualifications: Senator Landrieu s qualifications to serve as our director include her extensive experience with federal and state regulation and compliance, community and political relations, strategy development, customer experience, alignment of company culture and compensation and leadership development and finance. Sandra A.J. Lawrence Independent Director Since : 2004 Age : 68 Committees : Compensation and Leadership Development (Chair) Nuclear and Operations Executive Experience: Ms. Lawrence was the Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer (2016-2019) and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (2005-2016) of Children s Mercy Hospital, a comprehensive pediatric medical center in Kansas City, Missouri. Previously, she was the Chief Financial Officer (2005) and Senior Vice President and Treasurer (2004-2005) of Midwest Research Institute (now MRIGlobal), an independent, non-profit, contract research organization located in Kansas City, Missouri. Prior to that Ms. Lawrence spent twenty-six years in professional or management positions in the architecture, real estate, financial services, packaging distribution and medical research industries. She currently serves as a trustee of the Nomura (formerly Macquarie) Trust fund complex; as a director and audit committee chair of Brixmor Property Group, Inc. (NYSE: BRX), and as a director and as audit committee chair at Sera Prognostics Inc. (Nasdaq: SERA). Previously, she served on the board of directors and as audit committee chair of American Shared Hospital Services (NYSE American: AMS), a provider of radiosurgical and radiation therapy equipment based in San Francisco, California. She sits on the national board of the NACD, is past chair of the board of directors of the Heartland Chapter of the NACD, was named to the NACD Directorship 100, and as an NACD board leadership fellow, and serves on the boards of directors of various charitable, non-profit and civic organizations, including the Hall (Hallmark) Family Foundation and the Nelson-Atkins Museum of Art. Ms. Lawrence earned a B.A. in psychology from Vassar College, a M. Arch. from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and a M.B.A. from Harvard Business School. Skills and Qualifications: Ms. Lawrence s qualifications to serve as our director include her substantial financial expertise; her extensive service as a director in a diverse range of organizations and industries; her experience as a public company director, public company audit, compensation, and governance chair; her private company experience as board and risk chair; and her leadership in the area of corporate governance. Ms. Lawrence also has extensive knowledge of the Kansas City metropolitan area and Topeka, Kansas, two of our largest service territories. Proposal 1 - Election of Directors | Director Nominee Biographies | Evergy 2026 Proxy Statement 14 TABLE OF CONTENTS Ann D. Murtlow Independent Director Since : 2013 Age : 65 Committees : Nominating, Governance, and Sustainability Nuclear and Operations (Co-Chair) Executive Experience: Ms. Murtlow is currently a principal in North Sound LLC, through which she offers consulting services. From 2013 to 2022, she was a member of the board of directors, President and Chief Executive Officer of the United Way of Central Indiana, a non-profit community impact organization focused on poverty alleviation. Previously, she spent 24 years with AES Corporation (NYSE: AES), a holding company for electric utilities located in Arlington, Virginia, and served for over 12 years in various senior leadership and officer roles including Vice President and Group Manager of AES Corp. and President, Chief Executive Officer and Director of Indianapolis Power Light Company, an integrated electric utility, and its parent company, IPALCO Enterprises, both located in Indianapolis, Indiana. Since 2013, Ms. Murtlow has served on the board of directors of Wabash National Corporation (NYSE: WNC), a diversified industrial manufacturing company in Lafayette, Indiana, where she chairs the nominating and corporate governance committee and serves on the compensation committee. She also serves on the board of directors of US Water Systems LLC which owns Central States Water Resources, a water and wastewater company. She previously served on the board of directors of First Internet Bancorp and its subsidiary, First Internet Bank, a financial institution in Fishers, Indiana (2013-2020), and on the boards of directors of the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago, Herff Jones LLC, a manufacturer of educational recognition and achievement products and motivational materials located in Indianapolis, Indiana, and AEGIS Insurance Services, Inc., a mutual insurance company in East Rutherford, New Jersey. Ms. Murtlow is a Board Leadership Fellow and Certified Director by the NACD. Ms. Murtlow earned a B.S. in chemical engineering from Lehigh University. Skills and Qualifications: Ms. Murtlow s qualifications to serve as our director include her extensive and varied senior management leadership experience and accomplishments and deep insight and knowledge about the operations and challenges of a vertically integrated, regulated electric utility with nuclear generation. Dean A. Newton Independent Director Since : 2024 Age : 55 Committees : Compensation and Leadership Development Nuclear and Operations Executive Experience: Mr. Newton has served as the President and Chief Executive Officer of Delta Dental of Kansas, Inc. ( Delta Dental ), a nonprofit dental insurance corporation, since 2020. Prior to his current role, Mr. Newton served as a Managing Director of Delta Dental from 2014 to 2020, and various other leadership positions at Delta Dental prior thereto, including the Chief Marketing and Sales Officer. Mr. Newton also serves as the chair of the board of directors and the President and Chief Executive Officer of Surency Life Health Insurance Company ( Surency ), a private subsidiary of Delta Dental, since 2020, and various other leadership positions at Surency prior thereto. Mr. Newton also serves on several non-profit boards, including the Kansas Chamber of Commerce. Mr. Newton previously served on the board of directors of CommunityAmerica Credit Union from 2015 to 2023 (including Board Chair 2017-2021), and served in the Kansas House of Representatives from 2000 to 2005. Mr. Newton earned a B.A. from the University of Kansas in 1993 and a J.D. from the New York University School of Law in 1996. Skills and Qualifications: Mr. Newton s qualifications to serve as our director include his management and leadership experience, his substantial financial and legal expertise, and his extensive experience in marketing, employee engagement, and innovation. Proposal 1 - Election of Directors | Director Nominee Biographies | Evergy 2026 Proxy Statement 15 TABLE OF CONTENTS Sandra J. Price Independent Director Since : 2016 Age : 67 Committees : Compensation and Leadership Development Nominating, Governance, and Sustainability (Chair) Executive Experience: Ms. Price is lead director at CRB Group, Inc., a privately-owned company based in Kansas City, Missouri, that provides global engineering, architecture, construction, and consulting solutions to the life sciences and other advanced technology industries. Ms. Price previously served on the board of directors of the US Infrastructure Company (USIC) (2020-2025), a private-equity owned company that provides locating services for underground utilities based in Indianapolis, Indiana. She was named to the 2021 National Association of Corporate Directors Directorship 100. Ms. Price is the former Senior Vice President, Human Resources of Sprint Corporation (2006-2016), a global telecommunications company headquartered in Overland Park, Kansas prior to its acquisition by T-Mobile. She served in a number of other executive roles at Sprint from 1993-2006. Prior to Sprint, she was a principal in the Blue Valley School District, Overland Park, Kansas, and in the Jenks Public School District, Tulsa, Oklahoma. Ms. Price is actively engaged in the civic and philanthropic community. She currently serves on the Greater Kansas City Community Foundation board of directors (since 2023). Ms. Price earned a B.A. in special education from Oral Roberts University and a M.A. in education and administration from the University of Tulsa. Skills and Qualifications: Ms. Price s qualifications to serve as our director include her diverse senior management and leadership experience, her deep understanding of human resources and talent development, her governance acumen, and her knowledge of our Kansas City service territory. Jonathan D. Rolph Independent Director Since : 2025 Age: 46 Committees : Finance Nuclear and Operations Executive Experience: Mr. Rolph currently serves as the Chief Executive Officer of Thrive Restaurant Group ( Thrive ), which owns and operates over 200 restaurants. Prior to his current role, Mr. Rolph held various other leadership positions at Thrive and its predecessors since joining the company in 2002, including Chief Operating Officer, and Vice President of Marketing and Administration. Mr. Rolph serves on the board of directors of INTRUST Bank, N.A., Centralized Supply Chain Services and Applebee s Franchise Business Council, and the Greater Wichita Partnership. He has also served on various non-profit boards including United Way of the Plains and the Kansas Board of Regents. Mr. Rolph earned a B.A. from Baylor University in 2001. Skills and Qualifications: Mr. Rolph s qualifications to serve as our director include his management and leadership experience, his substantial community and civic involvement in the region, and his extensive experience in supply-chain management and customer engagement. Proposal 1 - Election of Directors | Director Nominee Biographies | Evergy 2026 Proxy Statement 16 TABLE OF CONTENTS James Scarola Independent Director Since : 2022 Age : 70 Committees : Audit Nuclear and Operations (Co-Chair) Executive Experience: Mr. Scarola is an independent nuclear oversight consultant (since 2015), and previously served as the Nuclear Industry Fukushima Steering Committee Chairman (2012-2014), where he established and coordinated the strategic direction for the U.S. Industry in response to the Fukushima nuclear accident. He served as Senior Vice President and Chief Nuclear Officer (2008-2012) at Progress Energy, Inc. (prior to their merger with Duke Energy (NYSE: DUK) in 2012), and as Site Vice President of Progress Brunswick Nuclear Plant (2005-2008) and of their Harris Nuclear Plant (1998-2005). He also served in leadership roles at Florida Power Light s St. Lucie Nuclear Plant (1980-1998). Mr. Scarola provides consulting services related to the nuclear industry, monitors and assesses nuclear operations and provides counsel to chief nuclear officers and boards of directors. He has also served on the board of directors of Wolf Creek, Evergy s nuclear generating plant, since 2022. He is a certified Pressurized Water Reactors Senior Reactor Operator and Institute of Nuclear Power Operations Senior Nuclear Plant Manager. Mr. Scarola earned a B.S. in electrical engineering from the University of Notre Dame, a M.B.A. from the Florida Institute of Technology and completed the Executive Management Program at Darden Business School at the University of Virginia. Skills and Qualifications: Mr. Scarola s qualifications to serve as our director include his vast nuclear industry leadership experience and his extensive experience in all aspects of nuclear operations, including engineering, oversight, fiscal control, labor relations, strategic planning, project management, and maintenance. Neal A. Sharma Independent Director Since : 2023 Age : 49 Committees : Audit Finance Executive Experience: Mr. Sharma co-founded Digital Evolution Group ( DEG ), a full-service digital marketing and commerce agency that was sold in 2018. From 2018 until 2022, he continued to serve as Chief Executive Officer of DEG, now part of global agency holding company, Dentsu Group, Inc. Mr. Sharma later served as President, Dentsu Shop for four years in a solutions-oriented senior advisory role, serves on two boards of privately held firms, and also serves in an advisory capacity to startup companies in which he invests, as well as several non-profit boards, including MRI Global, KC2026, and the Truman Library Institute. Mr. Sharma earned a B.A. from American University in 1998 and a M.B.A. degree from the University of Kansas in 2001. Skills and Qualifications: Mr. Sharma s qualifications to serve as our director include his management and leadership experience, his substantial financial and accounting expertise, and his extensive experience in community and political relations, risk management, and customer experience. Proposal 1 - Election of Directors | Director Nominee Biographies | Evergy 2026 Proxy Statement 17 TABLE OF CONTENTS C. John Wilder Independent Director Since : 2021 Age : 68 Committees : Audit Finance (Chair) Executive Experience: Mr. Wilder is the Executive Chairman of Bluescape Energy Partners, LLC ( Bluescape ), founded in 2007 as an alternative investment firm that leverages its private capital, global network, and deep domain expertise to deliver differentiated long-term investment performance in the energy and utility sectors. He has served on the boards of many private and public companies, including Bluescape Opportunities Acquisition Corporation (NYSE: BOAC), NRG Energy, Inc. (NYSE: NRG) and TXU Corp. and Exco Resources, Inc., and in executive officer roles at TXU Corp., Entergy Corp. (NYSE: ETR), and Royal Dutch/Shell Group. Mr. Wilder began working in the energy business in Texas over 40 years ago with the Royal Dutch/Shell Group, where he rose to the position of Chief Executive Officer of Shell Capital in London. Mr. Wilder s vision and execution spearheaded the industry s three most successful financial and operational turnarounds at NRG (Board of Directors, 2017-2018), TXU Corp. (Board Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, 2004-2007) and Entergy (Chief Financial Officer, 1998-2004) moving struggling companies from the bottom quartile to the top quartile across a variety of performance dimensions. During Mr. Wilder s leadership, TXU Corp. delivered 65% annualized shareholder returns and ranked 5th best among the S P 500. For his achievements at TXU Corp., the Harvard Business Review named Mr. Wilder twice as one of the Best-Performing CEOs in the World, ranking 24th among 2,000 CEOs from publicly traded companies in 33 countries in 2010, and 74th among 3,143 CEOs from publicly traded companies in 50+ countries in 2013. No other United States power company executive was honored in either of these rankings. In addition, Mr. Wilder was named to Ten Best CEOs in America by Institutional Investor in 2004 and was named Best CEO and CFO in the Electric Power Sector in multiple years by Institutional Investor. Mr. Wilder serves on the advisory boards of the McCombs School of Business at the University of Texas at Austin and the A.B. Freeman School of Business at Tulane University. He is a former advisory board member of the Global Energy Management Institute, University of Houston, and the Energy Management and Innovation Center, University of Texas. Mr. Wilder is also past chairman of the Board of Trustees of Texas Health Resources and is a past member of the National Petroleum Council, a U.S. Secretary of Energy appointment. Mr. Wilder earned a B.S. in business administration from Southeast Missouri State University, where he graduated magna cum laude and received the university s Distinguished Alumni Award. He earned a M.B.A. from the University of Texas. Skills and Qualifications: Mr. Wilder s qualifications to serve as our director include his long-term and extensive leadership experience in the energy industry. He also provides deep insight and expertise on financial, transactional, regulatory and operations matters facing the Company. Proposal 1 - Election of Directors | Director Nominee Biographies | Evergy 2026 Proxy Statement 18 TABLE OF CONTENTS Director Nominating Process and Qualifications The 12 nominees for director were recommended to the Board by the Nominating, Governance, and Sustainability Committee and nominated by the Board to serve as directors until the next annual meeting of shareholders and until their successors are duly elected and qualified. Each nominee has consented to stand for election, and the Board does not anticipate that any nominee will be unavailable to serve. In the event that one or more of the director nominees should become unavailable to serve at the time of the annual meeting, shares represented by proxy may be voted for the election of a nominee to be designated by the Board. Alternatively, in lieu of designating a substitute, the Board may reduce the number of directors. Proxies cannot be voted for more than 12 nominees. Director Nominating Process The Nominating, Governance, and Sustainability Committee is responsible for identifying potential director nominees and evaluating and recommending director nominees to the Board. The Committee takes into account a number of factors when considering director nominees, as described in our Corporate Governance Guidelines and as discussed in greater detail below. Director nominees identified by shareholders for our consideration will be evaluated in the same way as nominees identified by the Nominating, Governance, and Sustainability Committee. Shareholders who wish to identify director nominees for consideration by the Nominating, Governance, and Sustainability Committee should write to our Nominating, Governance, and Sustainability Committee at the address provided in Communicating with the Board on page 30 . Shareholders who wish to nominate a director nominee, including nominations pursuant to our proxy access By-law provisions, may do so by following instructions set forth in How can I nominate a director or submit a proposal for the 2027 annual meeting? on page 79 . Director Nominee Qualifications The Board oversees the shareholders interests in the long-term health and success of the Company s business, and directs, oversees and monitors the performance of management. The Board believes that its effectiveness in carrying out its responsibilities depends not only upon the particular experience, qualifications, attributes and skills that each director possesses, but also upon the director s ability to work collaboratively and function well as a collegial body. The Board s objective is to have a well-rounded and diverse membership possessing, in the aggregate, skill sets and core competencies that are conducive to long-term success. The Board considers diversity in the broadest sense, reflecting geography and experience, as well as other factors. The Board believes that a diverse group of directors is desirable to expand the Board s collective knowledge and expertise, as well as to evaluate management and positively influence the Company s performance. The success of the Company depends not only on expertise-based competencies, but equally on the personal qualities and attributes of the directors, both individually and as a group. Attributes that directors should possess include, among others, practical wisdom and thoughtfulness in decision-making; mature and sound judgment; financial acumen and business experience; the highest level of personal and professional ethics, integrity and values; sufficient time and availability; commitment to representing the interests of shareholders, customers and their communities; critical analysis skills; collegiality, a collaborative and cooperative spirit and the ability to both lead and work within a team environment; and the courage to act constructively and independently. Non-management directors should also be able to meet the independence requirements of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC ( Nasdaq ) listing standards and our Corporate Governance Guidelines. The Board concluded that the following core competencies are conducive to sustainable long-term shareholder and customer value: strategy development; federal and state regulation and compliance; alignment of company culture with compensation and leadership development; accounting, finance, and investment management; risk management; operational oversight; customer experience; community and political relations; and sustainability. Listed below are summaries of the core competencies that describe the specific qualifications the Nominating, Governance, and Sustainability Committee and the Board believe should be represented on the Board: Strategy Development - The utility industry is subject to extensive and dynamic regulation and operates in a complex and evolving technological and customer-centric environment. It is imperative that the Company actively engages in the setting and advancement of corporate strategy to generate and sustain long-term shareholder value. The Company s directors should understand the complexities of the business, the factors driving growth opportunities, such as the development of renewable generation, the further electrification of the economy, and the evolution of customer preferences for energy services and solutions, and the major risks and vulnerabilities to Proposal 1 - Election of Directors | Director Nominating Process and Qualifications | Evergy 2026 Proxy Statement 19 TABLE OF CONTENTS effectively direct, oversee and monitor management s actions to identify, measure, prioritize and respond to strategic opportunities and mitigate vulnerabilities. It is imperative that directors appreciate that technology, supply options, public policy and customer expectations are dramatically impacting conventional utility models. Long-term sustainability requires a capacity for rapid learning and intelligent adaptation. Federal and State Regulation and Compliance - The utility business has stringent compliance and regulatory requirements mandated by numerous federal and state agencies including the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, the North American Electric Reliability Corporation, the Environmental Protection Agency, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, the Missouri and Kansas utility commissions and many other federal and state agencies. The pervasive regulatory environment in which the Company operates adds significant complexity to strategy development and execution, operations, risk management and compliance oversight. In addition, it is important for the Company to champion ethical practices for the Board and management to set an example that ensures regulatory and compliance requirements are met and the highest ethical standards are set as a goal for Company employees. Alignment of Company Culture and Compensation and Leadership Development - A company is only as strong as its employees. The Company must attract, retain and develop a strong, diverse team of people to create long-term shareholder and customer value. The Company s culture and its compensation and leadership development programs are fundamental to achieving this goal. In order to build a strong positive corporate culture, the Company must foster an inclusive and equitable culture that embraces and reflects the diversity of the communities and customers that it serves. Employees need to care about the Company s mission, vision and values and continuously strive to improve Company and individual performance, which will drive increased shareholder and customer value. A key component of building great culture is linking the financial success of the Company to individual employee efforts through recognition and comprehensive and competitive compensation plans. Accounting, Finance and Investment Management - Sound financial results and access to adequate capital are critical for success and a key indicator of performance. This is especially important for capital-intensive organizations like Evergy. The Company also is subject to extensive Securities and Exchange Commission internal control and financial reporting requirements. The Board and its committees are responsible for monitoring and overseeing the Company s capital investment decisions, liquidity needs, operating budgets, internal and external audits, financing plans and ongoing financial performance and reporting. Relevant director experience, qualifications, attributes and skills in this area include, among others, the ability to read and understand financial statements of equal or greater complexity as those of the Company, a working knowledge of GAAP, the ability to assess the general application of those principles in connection with the Company s accounting for estimates, accruals and reserves, the understanding of internal controls and procedures for financial reporting, broad experience related to capital structure, credit and financing matters including experience accessing debt and equity capital, monitoring cash management activities and building rating agency relationships, and experience preparing, auditing, analyzing or evaluating financial statements that present a breadth and level of complexity of accounting issues generally comparable with those of the Company, or experience actively supervising those engaged in such activities. Risk Management - A comprehensive risk management program is integral to an organization s ability to achieve its business and financial objectives. Through their risk oversight role, Board members oversee that the risk management policies and procedures designed and implemented by the Company are consistent with the Company s strategy and risk appetite, and that necessary steps are taken to foster an enterprise-wide culture that supports appropriate risk awareness, behaviors and judgments about risk. There are numerous risks that must be evaluated and managed in the Company s business, including risks related to nuclear operations, cybersecurity, artificial intelligence, the impact of climate change on the Company s operations and transitioning the Company s generation resources toward renewable energy and storage. Technological advances have been accompanied by a rapidly growing threat of cyberattack and cyberterrorism, including threats to the nation s critical utility infrastructure. Board oversight of the Company s cyber program is critical to the program s success and the Company s cyber resilience through the assessment of the enterprise s ability to anticipate, withstand, recover from and evolve to improve capabilities in the face of adverse conditions, stresses or attacks. Operational Oversight - Strong utility operations are technologically complex and, in many areas, require a very specific industry skill set. Utility companies are increasingly installing integrated communications to support real-time control and information and data exchange in order to optimize system reliability, asset utilization and security. The Board is responsible for monitoring and overseeing Company operations, including customer service, transmission, distribution and generation (including the Company s nuclear generation facility) to ensure the safe, Proposal 1 - Election of Directors | Director Nominating Process and Qualifications | Evergy 2026 Proxy Statement 20 TABLE OF CONTENTS reliable and secure generation and delivery of electricity to customers and the region, which is essential to the creation of long-term shareholder and customer value. In addition, the Board focuses special oversight on strategic initiatives taken in response to rapidly changing market and technology opportunities. Customer Experience - Ensuring a satisfied experience by the customer is one of the most critical areas for the Company s future success. As the industry continues to advance, the ability to offer products and/or services that are unique and valuable to the customer will continue to evolve. To achieve a sustainable competitive advantage, the Company will need to understand customer preferences and offer customers optionality that provides more control over energy use and sustainable energy options. Community and Political Relations - The Company has a long track record of community, political and regulatory involvement. The alignment and interdependence between these three groups is critical to the Company s continued success. Strong communities are foundational to the growth and sustainability of the Company s service territory and thus the sustainability of long-term shareholder and customer value. Sustainability, Environmental, Social and Governance - The Company is committed to delivering safe, reliable, affordable and sustainable energy to customers while employing a diverse workforce, being a great place to work for employees and supporting the communities the Company serves. For years, sustainability has been at the forefront of Company activities. The Company regularly reviews corporate governance practices to ensure that the proper governance structure exists to help guide execution of Company strategy, and has worked diligently to reduce emissions, invested capital toward renewable generation and made significant strides toward creating a workforce of the future that is diverse, inclusive and equitable. Each director nominee provided a self-evaluation against these core competencies, and the Nominating, Governance, and Sustainability Committee evaluated the skill level of each director nominee in making nominations. The matrix below summarizes the core competencies identified by the director nominee in his or her self-assessment using a checkmark to indicate a high level of director experience, qualifications, attributes and skills. Relevant experience includes, among other things: senior management or board experience, and academic, research, regulatory or consulting expertise in the relevant areas. The matrix is intended as a high-level summary and not an exhaustive list of each director s skills or contributions to the Board. Not having a checkmark does not mean the director does not possess or have experience with that qualification or skill. Each of our directors has demonstrated business acumen, strategic insight, an ability to exercise sound judgment and a commitment to service and community involvement and we value their experience and the diversity that they bring to our Board. Please see the respective director nominees biographies for a detailed description of each director s background, qualifications, and relevant experience. Proposal 1 - Election of Directors | Director Nominating Process and Qualifications | Evergy 2026 Proxy Statement 21 TABLE OF CONTENTS Board Core Competencies and Demographics Campbell Isaac Keglevic Landrieu Lawrence Murtlow Newton Price Rolph Scarola Sharma Wilder Core Competencies Strategy Development Federal and State Regulation and Compliance Alignment of Company Culture and Compensation and Leadership Development Accounting, Finance, and Investment Management Risk Management Operational Oversight Customer Experience Community and Political Relations Sustainability, Environmental, Social and Governance Demographic Information* Average/ Percent Race/Ethnicity African American 8.3% Asian American 8.3% White/Caucasian 83.3% Gender Male 66.7% Female 33.3% Board Tenure (Years) 5 23 6 5 22 13 2 10 1 4 3 5 8.2 Age 57 73 72 70 68 65 55 67 46 70 49 68 64 Independent 91.7% * Demographic characteristics based on information self-identified by each director. Age and tenure calculated as of May 5, 2026. Totals may not sum due to rounding. Proposal 1 - Election of Directors | Director Nominating Process and Qualifications | Evergy 2026 Proxy Statement 22 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Matters Board Structure Leadership. The Board uses a Lead Independent Director plus a combined Chairman of the Board (the Chair ) and Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) structure. Mr. Isaac serves as Lead Independent Director and Mr. Campbell, President and CEO, serves as the Chair. The Board has delegated some oversight, monitoring, and other responsibilities to its standing committees, as described in the Company s By-laws and in the applicable committee charters, subject to the Board s continuing general oversight and monitoring. The chairs of the standing committees are independent members of the Board. The Board believes that this structure has been and continues to be an appropriate corporate governance structure for the Company. However, the Board believes it is important to maintain flexibility to separate the roles in the future if it determines that a different Board structure would be in the long-term interests of our shareholders. As implemented by the Company, the combined Chair and CEO role focuses on the accountability and responsibility of achieving the Company s objectives, and the Lead Independent Director role provides the independent members of the Board with effective Board leadership, oversight, and monitoring of the Company and its management. The Board believes that the CEO is well-positioned to lead discussions regarding the Company s strategy. Moreover, the CEO s operating knowledge of the Company and regular interactions with management provide him with the ability to highlight significant issues for Board consideration. Chairman of the Board Responsibilities The Chair is responsible for presiding over all Board meetings and all executive sessions of the Board that include only non-management directors at which he or she is present. The Chair may also call special meetings of the Board or shareholders, and presides over the Company s shareholder meetings. The Chair approves Board meeting agendas and reflects input, if any, of the Lead Independent Director. The Chair also discusses the quality, quantity, and timeliness of the flow of information communicated from management to the Board. The Chair also serves as the principal liaison between management and the Board. The Chair is also available for discussion with individual directors regarding key issues, individual director performance or any other matters relating to effectiveness of the Board. The Chair may also interface from time to time with the public, including shareholders. Working with the Nominating, Governance, and Sustainability Committee and the Lead Independent Director, the Chair is also responsible for interviewing all potential new candidates and recommending new candidates for the Board. Among these other duties, the Chair is also responsible for helping to set the tone for ethics and integrity at Evergy. Lead Independent Director Responsibilities The Lead Independent Director is responsible for developing agendas for executive sessions of independent directors and calling and presiding over the same. The Lead Independent Director also serves as a liaison between the Chair and the independent directors, reviews meeting agendas and reviews meeting schedules. The Board appoints a Lead Independent Director to ensure that Evergy s independent directors are represented and have formal mechanisms in place to exercise their governance role. Independent Board. The Board has determined that 11 of the 12 nominees are independent. Executive Sessions. Time is reserved on each Board meeting agenda for all directors to meet in executive session, with no members of management (other than the CEO) present, as well as periodically an executive session for independent directors only. Time is also reserved at each regular committee meeting for committee members to meet in executive session with no members of management present. Meetings and Director Attendance. The Board held five meetings in 2025. Each incumbent director nominee attended greater than 75% of the aggregate number of meetings of the Board and committees on which he or she served during 2025 (or portion of 2025 during which he or she served as a director or committee member). 100% of the incumbent director nominees attended the Company s prior year annual meeting. Committees. We have a robust committee structure, with five standing committees. Corporate Governance Matters | Board Structure | Evergy 2026 Proxy Statement 23 TABLE OF CONTENTS Each committee is led by an independent director. In addition, four of the standing committees, including all committees required by Nasdaq standards, consist solely of independent directors. Each standing committee is governed by a committee charter that enumerates the committee s responsibilities. Each charter is reviewed at least annually and is available on the Company s investor relations website at investors.evergy.com . Corporate Governance Matters | Board Structure | Evergy 2026 Proxy Statement 24 TABLE OF CONTENTS Audit Committee 7 Meetings in 2025 96% Attendance Members: Mr. Keglevic (Chair) Mr. Scarola Mr. Sharma Mr. Wilder Primary responsibilities: Oversee the accounting and financial reporting processes, including all processes related to the integrity of Evergy s financial statements, including internal control over financial reporting as well as the reporting on sustainability matters Oversee the independent auditor and the internal audit services department Oversee enterprise risk management, including cybersecurity and other information technology controls and procedures Oversee the audits of Evergy s financial statements and the preparation of all reports and other disclosures required of the Audit Committee by the SEC Review Evergy s compliance with legal and regulatory requirements and its Code of Ethics The Board has determined that all members of the committee are: (i) independent under the Nasdaq listing standards and Rule 10A-3(b)(1) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ); (ii) financially literate under the Nasdaq listing standards; and (iii) audit committee financial experts within the meaning of SEC regulations. No member of the committee serves on the audit committee of more than three public companies. Compensation and Leadership Development Committee 5 Meetings in 2025 95% Attendance Members:* Ms. Lawrence (Chair) Mr. Isaac Sen. Landrieu* Mr. Newton* Ms. Price Primary responsibilities: Oversee alignment of compensation philosophy with shareholder interests Evaluate, and recommend for approval by the non-management members of the Board, CEO compensation Approve NEO compensation (other than the CEO) Advise the CEO on compensation for other officers Oversee human capital resources Review the culture of Evergy Review the effectiveness of Company culture and engagement programs Review whether our compensation program encourages excessive risk taking The Board has determined that each member of the committee is independent under the Nasdaq listing standards and Rule 10C-1(b)(1) under the Exchange Act, including the enhanced independence standards for members of the compensation committee and a non-employee director as defined in Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act. * Effective May 7, 2025, in connection with the Board s annual reassessment of committee appointments, Mr. Newton was appointed to the Compensation and Leadership Development Committee replacing Sen. Landrieu. Corporate Governance Matters | Board Structure | Evergy 2026 Proxy Statement 25 TABLE OF CONTENTS Finance Committee 7 Meetings in 2025 100% Attendance Members: Mr. Wilder (Chair) Mr. Campbell Mr. Keglevic Mr. Rolph Mr. Sharma Primary responsibilities: Assist the Board with the management and review of matters relating to the financial condition and financing plans of Evergy Review Evergy s financial and regulatory strategies Review Evergy s capital requirements, capital structure and capital allocation Review Evergy s annual budget Review risks and mitigation strategies related to budgeting, financing, credit exposures and energy trading and marketing Review Evergy s investor relations program Oversee corporate insurance, employee benefits and nuclear decommissioning trusts Review Evergy s tax strategy and treasury practices, and related risks Review key performance indicators The Board has determined that each member of the committee, other than Mr. Campbell, is independent under the Nasdaq listing standards. The Board determined Mr. Campbell s service on the committee is proper and beneficial due to his extensive financial experience. Nominating, Governance, and Sustainability Committee 4 Meetings in 2025 93% Attendance Members: Ms. Price (Chair) Mr. Isaac Sen. Landrieu Ms. Murtlow Primary responsibilities: Identify and recommend nominees for election to our Board Oversee compliance with corporate governance principles and practices Oversee the evaluation of the Board and each committee Review Evergy s corporate responsibility activities, and review and recommend to the Board Evergy political expenditures Review effectiveness of Evergy s sustainability, social, and governance programs, including environmental policy and planning matters Oversee and set compensation for directors The Board has determined that each member of the committee is independent under the Nasdaq listing standards. Nuclear and Operations Committee 4 Meetings in 2025 100% Attendance Members:* Ms. Murtlow (Co-Chair) Mr. Scarola (Co-Chair) Mr. Isaac* Sen. Landrieu Ms. Lawrence Mr. Newton Mr. Rolph* Mr. Sharma* Primary responsibilities: Advise and assist the Board in oversight of Evergy s operations and operational risks, including the operations of Wolf Creek and other power generation resources, power transmission and delivery, safety and physical security, and customer service Oversee strategic direction, risk mitigation, performance and regulatory compliance relating to major construction and capital projects Advise and assist the Board in oversight of Evergy s strategy and plans with respect to power supply, power delivery and customer service Review Evergy s compliance with laws, regulations, and standards relating to Evergy s operations Advise and assist the Board in oversight of Evergy s safety, reliability, risks, and management mitigation activities related to Evergy s operations The Board has determined that each member of the committee is independent under the Nasdaq listing standards. * Effective May 7, 2025, in connection with the Board s annual reassessment of committee appointments, Mr. Rolph was appointed to the Nuclear and Operations Committee replacing Messrs. Isaac and Sharma thereby reducing the size of the committee from seven to six. Corporate Governance Matters | Board Structure | Evergy 2026 Proxy Statement 26 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Practices Evergy is committed to strong corporate governance practices that support the regulated nature of our business and the long-term interests of our shareholders. Corporate Governance Guidelines. The Board has adopted a set of Corporate Governance Guidelines to provide a framework for our corporate governance initiatives. The guidelines address, among other things, Board responsibilities and leadership, risk oversight, committee composition, and director qualifications. The Nominating, Governance, and Sustainability Committee is responsible for overseeing and reviewing the Corporate Governance Guidelines and for recommending any changes to the guidelines to the Board. Code of Ethics. The Board has adopted a Code of Ethics to set the tone for our expectation that all directors, officers and employees act in an ethical and lawful manner. We also expect all parties who work on Evergy s behalf to embrace the spirit of the Code of Ethics. Other parts of our process to ensure lawful and ethical business conduct include policies and procedures, compliance monitoring and reporting and periodic training on various areas of the law and corporate policies. We have a Concerns Line for the confidential and anonymous reporting of concerns and complaints, which is independently administered and is available 24 hours a day, every day. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines and the Code of Ethics are available on the Company s investor relations website at investors.evergy.com . These documents are also available in print to any shareholder upon request. Requests should be directed to Corporate Secretary, Evergy, Inc., 1200 Main Street, Kansas City, Missouri 64105. We will disclose any change in the Code of Ethics, or any waiver from a provision in the Code of Ethics granted to a director or an executive officer, by posting such information on our investor relations website. The contents of the investor relations website, including reports and documents contained therein, are not incorporated into this filing. Annual Election of Directors. Our directors are elected on an annual basis and, if not standing for re-election, serve until their respective successors have been duly elected and qualified. Majority Voting Policy. Pursuant to our majority voting policy, in advance of the annual meeting, each director nominee is required to tender an irrevocable letter of resignation that will take effect if that nominee fails to receive, in an uncontested election, the vote of a majority of votes cast by shareholders at the meeting. In the event that any nominee fails to obtain the required majority vote, the Board will decide, through a process managed by the Nominating, Governance, and Sustainability Committee and excluding the nominee in question, whether to accept the resignation. Absent a compelling reason for the director to remain on the Board, the Board will accept the resignation. Proxy Access. Subject to the requirements and limitations contained in our By-laws, an eligible shareholder, or a group of up to 20 eligible shareholders, can have nominees included in future proxy statements. In general, the shareholders must have continuously owned at least 3% of Evergy s outstanding shares for at least three years as of the date that the shareholder(s) notify Evergy of the intent to utilize proxy access. The eligible shareholders may use proxy access to nominate up to 25% of the total number of directors who are members of the Board as of the date that the shareholder(s) notify Evergy of the intent to utilize proxy access. Shareholder Right to Call Special Meeting. Subject to the requirements and limitations contained in our By-laws, an eligible shareholder, or a group of eligible shareholders, that own 15% or more of Evergy s outstanding common stock in net long form can call a special meeting of shareholders. Annual Self-Assessments. The Board and each committee conduct annual self-assessments to determine whether the Board and committees are functioning effectively. The self-assessment process is based on written Board and committee surveys that are completed by all Board members. The self-assessment topics generally include, among other matters, Board composition and Board and committee structure, meeting topics and process, quality and timeliness of information, risk management, succession planning, access to management, and peer review. The Chair of the Nominating, Governance, and Sustainability Committee meets with each director to discuss the survey results and to solicit feedback on Board and committee composition, among other things. This process allows Board members to provide input on individual Board member effectiveness. Each director can also request to meet with the Lead Independent Director. Each Board committee discusses the results of its self-assessment and the Board discusses the overall results of the self-assessment process. As appropriate, the Board oversees the implementation of enhancements and other recommendations identified during the process. Board Oversight of Risk Management. The Board is responsible for the oversight of all major risks (as well as mitigation plans), including strategic, financial, operational and compliance risks. In an effort to promote appropriate and in-depth oversight of risk, the Board has delegated some specific risk oversight responsibility to its committees, as Corporate Governance Matters | Corporate Governance Practices | Evergy 2026 Proxy Statement 27 TABLE OF CONTENTS summarized below and as described in those committees charters. The Nominating, Governance, and Sustainability Committee assesses allocation of risk oversight roles, and the Audit Committee reviews Evergy s enterprise risk management policies and framework. Management is responsible for developing and implementing appropriate risk management practices on a day-to-day basis. At least once each year, the Board receives a report from management, discusses and provides feedback on key business and compliance risks and related mitigation plans. The Board also receives updates on significant events and the status of, and changes in, such risks and mitigation plans. In addition, management makes regular presentations to the Board focusing on significant risk areas and corresponding mitigation plans and activities. Board Attendance at Annual Meeting. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines provide that all directors are encouraged to attend annual meetings of shareholders. Mandatory Retirement / Tenure Policy. The Board has a mandatory retirement age of 75, meaning that no director is eligible to stand for election or re-election at the annual meeting of shareholders following his or her 75th birthday. Additionally, any director appointed on or after June 4, 2018 may not stand for election or re-election at the annual meeting of shareholders following 16 years of service. In addition, any director who experiences a significant change in primary employment since election to the Board must offer to resign, which offer will be evaluated by the Board in light of the individual circumstances. Stock Ownership Requirements. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines provide that non-employee directors are expected, within five years of their initial election to the Board, to acquire and hold Evergy stock with a value equal to at least five times the amount of the annual non-employee director cash retainer. Our CEO is required to hold Evergy stock with a value equal to six times the amount of his or her base salary. All director nominees are in compliance with these policies. No Hedging / Pledging. Our securities trading policy, which was adopted by the Board and is overseen by our Nominating, Governance, and Sustainability Committee, prohibits all employees, officers, and directors from trading in options, warrants, and puts and calls related to Evergy. Our policy also prohibits all employees, officers, and directors from purchasing financial instruments (including prepaid variable forward contracts, equity swaps, collars, and exchange funds), or otherwise engaging in transactions that hedge or offset, or are designed to hedge or offset, any decrease in the market value of Evergy securities. The policy also prohibits all employees, officers, and directors from holding Evergy securities in a margin account or pledging Evergy securities as collateral. No Insider Trading. The Company has a securities trading policy governing the purchase, sale and other dispositions of the Company s securities that applies to the Company and all Company personnel, including directors, officers, employees, and other covered persons. The Company believes that its securities trading policy is designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations, and listing standards applicable to the Company. Oversight and Disclosure of Political Contributions. Our Nominating, Governance, and Sustainability Committee reviews and approves the annual political contribution budget, and reviews reports on political expenditures. Our investor relations website, investors.evergy.com , also contains a copy of our policy with respect to political contributions and information regarding certain political expenditures. Human Rights Policy. The Board has adopted a formal human rights policy, which is available on our investor relations website, investors.evergy.com . Commitment to Our Communities. Evergy strives to maintain a people-first culture that empowers a stronger future together. Evergy strives to be a leader in supply chain resiliency. By increasing opportunities for suppliers and enhancing the competitiveness of the supply chain, we promote economic value for our customers, shareholders, and the communities we serve. Our supply chain initiatives benefit both small businesses and the communities in which they are located through job creation, increased wages, and tax revenue. Information Security. Evergy s cybersecurity and information technology risk mitigation program is based on a comprehensive set of laws and rules issued by multiple government agencies concerning cybersecurity risk and is designed to safeguard Evergy s operating information, proprietary business information and personal information belonging to customers and employees. Evergy is subject to recurring, independent, third-party audits with respect to adherence to these laws and rules, including those of North American Electric Reliability Corporation (NERC). Evergy s risk management function utilizes the National Institute of Standards and Technology Cybersecurity Framework (NIST CSF), the United States Department of Energy Cyber Capability Maturity Model (C2M2) standard and components of the National Institute of Standards and Technology Risk Management Framework (NIST RMF) for a comprehensive, flexible and risk-based approach to managing risk from cybersecurity threats that integrates, security, privacy and cyber supply chain risk management activities. Evergy also maintains cybersecurity insurance coverage. Evergy s cybersecurity team regularly coordinates with industry peers, industry trade organizations, and multiple state and federal governmental agencies, Corporate Governance Matters | Corporate Governance Practices | Evergy 2026 Proxy Statement 28 TABLE OF CONTENTS including the United States Department of Homeland Security, the Federal Bureau of Investigations within the United States Department of Justice, the Electricity Information Sharing and Analysis Center (E-ISAC), and the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency (CISA). All Evergy employees complete an annual information security awareness training that addresses information technology, cybersecurity, privacy, and other related matters, and Evergy provides frequent awareness opportunities to employees by conducting controlled phishing campaigns and periodically providing other educational opportunities. Evergy s management team is responsible for the design and implementation of this program, subject to oversight of the Board and its committees. Evergy s Nuclear and Operations Committee assists the Board with respect to, among other things, review of cybersecurity risks and other aspects of Evergy s information technology function. In 2025, the Board and its committees received multiple presentations that were specific to information technology and cybersecurity matters, including artificial intelligence, and information technology and cybersecurity matters are incorporated into other presentations if those topics are relevant to the presentation. Information technology and cybersecurity matters are also regularly assessed in connection with the Board s oversight of Evergy s operations. At least once each year, the Board receives a report from management on key business and compliance risks and related mitigation plans, and management reviews cybersecurity matters with the Board in connection with this report. Evergy s Audit Committee also receives reports from the Company s audit services department regarding the results of reviews of cybersecurity matters and information security governance. Please refer to our 2025 Annual Report in Part I Item 1C Cybersecurity for additional information regarding Evergy s enterprise risk management policies, processes, and frameworks. Human Capital Resource Management. The Company is committed to effective human capital resource management. Evergy s mission is to empower a better future and a key component of this mission is maintaining a culture that emphasizes safety, integrity, ownership, and adaptability. Safety is a crucial part of Evergy s values. The components of Evergy s safety program include a strong management commitment to a safety-conscious work environment, hazard recognition and control, worksite analysis, contractor safety management and training. The Board and its committees receive regular reports from management on safety audits and assessments. Please refer to our 2025 Annual Report in Part I Item 1 Business Human Capital Resources for additional information about this topic. Director Independence Our Corporate Governance Guidelines require that a majority of our directors be independent, as determined in accordance with the Nasdaq listing standards, as well as other independence standards that the Board may adopt. The Nasdaq listing standards provide that no director can qualify as independent unless the Board affirmatively determines that the director has no material relationship with the listed company. The Board has adopted director qualification standards that are contained in our Corporate Governance Guidelines to assist in making director independence determinations. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines are available on our investor relations website, investors.evergy.com . The contents of the investor relations website, including reports and documents contained therein, are not incorporated into this filing. Our director qualification standards are consistent with the Nasdaq objective independence standards. The Nominating, Governance, and Sustainability Committee reviewed the applicable legal standards for Board and committee member independence and the director qualification standards. The Nominating, Governance, and Sustainability Committee also reviewed an analysis of the information provided by each director in an annual questionnaire and a report of transactions between Evergy and director-affiliated entities. The Nominating, Governance, and Sustainability Committee reported its independence determination recommendations to the Board, and the Board made its independence determinations based on the Nominating, Governance, and Sustainability Committee s report and the supporting information. In making its independence determinations, the Board considered ordinary course commercial, charitable and other transactions, none of which were material or affected the independence of a director nominee. Some of our directors serve as trustees or directors of charitable organizations on which other directors or officers also serve or to which we donate money. In each case, payments by us were less than the greater of 5% of the charitable organization s revenues or $200,000. Based on this review, the Board affirmatively determined that all directors (including nominees for directors at the annual meeting of shareholders) are independent under the Nasdaq listing standards and the director qualification standards, except Mr. Campbell, due to his current position as the Chief Executive Officer of Evergy. Corporate Governance Matters | Director Independence | Evergy 2026 Proxy Statement 29 TABLE OF CONTENTS Other Matters Related Party Transactions The Board has adopted a written policy governing the identification, review, approval and consideration of related party transactions. The policy applies to any transaction in which Evergy (including any of its subsidiaries) was, is or will be a participant, the amount involved exceeds $120,000 in the aggregate, and any related party had, has or will have a direct or indirect material interest, but excludes any transaction that meets the preapproval thresholds set forth in our related party transaction policy. Pursuant to this policy, related party transactions are to be submitted to the Nominating, Governance, and Sustainability Committee for consideration at the next committee meeting or, if it is not practicable or desirable for the Company to wait until the next committee meeting, to the committee Chair. The Chair reports to the committee at its next meeting any approval under the related party transactions policy pursuant to delegated authority. There were no related party transactions since the beginning of fiscal year 2025 required to be reported under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K of the Exchange Act. Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation Ms. Lawrence, Mr. Isaac, Sen. Landrieu, Mr. Newton, and Ms. Price served as members of the Compensation and Leadership Development Committee in 2025. No such member is or was an officer or employee of Evergy or its subsidiaries or had any relationship requiring disclosure under Item 404 of Regulation S-K of the Exchange Act. None of our executive officers served as a director or was a member of the compensation committee (or equivalent body) of any entity where a member of our Board or Compensation and Leadership Development Committee was also an executive officer. Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports To Evergy s knowledge, no executive officer, director, or 10% beneficial owner failed to file, on a timely basis, the reports required by Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025. Whistleblower Hotline The Audit Committee has established procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints or concerns regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or auditing matters affecting Evergy. Complaints or concerns may be submitted on a confidential and anonymous basis either through the ConcernsLine (1-866-266-7595) or by letter addressed to: Chair, Audit Committee Evergy, Inc. Attention: Corporate Secretary 1200 Main St. Kansas City, Missouri 64105 All complaints or concerns will be forwarded to the Chair of the Audit Committee. Confidentiality will be maintained to the fullest extent practicable, consistent with the need to conduct an adequate investigation and applicable legal requirements. Communicating with the Board The Board values input from shareholders and the many constituents that are impacted by Evergy s activities. Communications relating to corporate governance, succession planning, executive compensation and general oversight of the Board can be sent to: Chair, Nominating, Governance, and Sustainability Committee Evergy, Inc. Attention: Corporate Secretary 1200 Main St. Kansas City, Missouri 64105 Communications can also be sent by e-mail to board@evergy.com. All relevant communications will be forwarded to the Chair of the Nominating, Governance, and Sustainability Committee to be handled on behalf of the Board. The Board believes that communications relating to general business operations, financial results, strategic direction and similar matters are appropriately addressed by management, and relevant communications that relate to these topics will be shared with appropriate members of management. Corporate Governance Matters | Other Matters | Evergy 2026 Proxy Statement 30 TABLE OF CONTENTS Director Compensation Our Nominating, Governance, and Sustainability Committee, which is comprised entirely of independent directors, is responsible for reviewing and approving compensation for our non-employee directors. The committee seeks to provide an overall non-employee director compensation program that is generally aligned with the 50 th percentile of our peer group (which is the same peer group that is used for benchmarking executive compensation). However, due to the variation in peer company non-employee director compensation, and the fact that director compensation is not changed each year, in any given year overall non-employee director compensation may be above, at, or below the market median. The committee reviews non-employee director compensation at our peer companies and relies in part on the advice of an independent compensation consultant. Non-Employee Director Compensation The Nominating, Governance, and Sustainability Committee, based in part on a review of compensation practices at our peer companies and the advice of its independent compensation consultant, Meridian Compensation Partners, LLC ( Meridian ), approved an updated compensation structure for non-employee directors in 2025. Based on Meridian s benchmarking, the Nominating, Governance, and Sustainability Committee elected to increase the following components of non-employee director compensation effective May 7, 2025: annual base cash retainer from $115,000 to $120,000 (annual amount, paid quarterly) and annual equity retainer from $155,000 to $160,000. Mr. Campbell, in his role as Chair and CEO, is an officer of the Company and does not receive compensation for his service on the Board. Mr. Campbell s compensation as an executive is shown in the Summary Compensation Table herein. For the amounts each non-employee director received in 2025, please refer to the table in section 2025 Non-Employee Director Compensation below. 2025 Director Retainer Structure Non-Employee Director Compensation Description of Category Annual Cash Retainers Paid Quarterly (1) Annual Base (All Directors) $120,000 Leadership Fees Lead Independent Director $ 30,000 Committee Chair Fees Audit $ 20,000 Compensation and Leadership Development $ 20,000 Finance $ 20,000 Nominating, Governance, and Sustainability $ 20,000 Nuclear and Operations $ 20,000 Equity Retainers Paid Annually Evergy Common Stock (All Directors) (2) $160,000 (1) Non-employee directors may elect to have all or part of their cash retainers converted to DSUs (as defined below) under the Long-Term Incentive Plan ( LTIP ). See Election to Defer Compensation below for additional information. (2) Annual 2025 non-employee director equity retainers were paid on the first business day following the Company s annual meeting of shareholders (May 7, 2025). A director joining the Board after the annual meeting of shareholders will not receive annual non-employee director equity retainers until the following year. Director Compensation | Evergy 2026 Proxy Statement 31 TABLE OF CONTENTS 2025 Non-Employee Director Compensation The following table outlines all compensation paid to our non-employee directors in 2025. We have omitted the columns titled Option Awards and Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation because our non-employee directors did not receive such compensation in 2025. 2025 Non-Employee Director Compensation Current Directors Fees Earned or Paid in Cash (1) ($) Stock Awards (2) ($) Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings (3) ($) All Other Compensation (4) ($) Total ($) B. Anthony Isaac 148,256 160,938 459 5,000 314,653 Paul M. Keglevic 138,256 160,938 214 0 299,408 Mary L. Landrieu 118,256 160,938 0 0 279,194 Sandra A.J. Lawrence 138,256 160,938 9,621 5,000 313,815 Ann D. Murtlow 138,256 160,938 0 0 299,194 Dean A. Newton 118,256 160,938 0 0 279,194 Sandra J. Price 138,256 160,938 0 5,000 304,194 Jonathan D. Rolph 118,256 160,938 0 5,000 284,197 James Scarola 138,256 160,938 0 0 299,194 Neal A. Sharma 118,256 160,938 0 0 279,194 C. John Wilder 138,256 160,938 0 0 299,194 (1) The amount represents cash retainers for service on the Board and its committees, including chair and lead independent director retainers. As discussed in Election to Defer Compensation below, directors may elect to (i) convert all or part of their cash retainers into DSUs (as defined below), or (ii) defer receipt of all or part of their cash retainer. (2) The amount shown is the aggregate grant date fair value of equity granted in 2025 computed in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) Topic 718. See note 10 to the consolidated financial statements included in our 2025 Annual Report for a discussion of the assumptions used in calculating these amounts. The amounts reflect the value of equity retainers issued by the Company in 2025, and, as discussed in Election to Defer Compensation below, may have been deferred by the director for receipt in a subsequent year. (3) The amounts shown represent the above-market earnings during 2025 on nonqualified deferred compensation. (4) The amounts shown reflect matches by the Company for qualifying charitable contributions made by the directors. No director received any additional perquisites