=== EVRG_2026-02-19.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors, for additional information. Evergy Metro's 2026 Rate Case Proceeding In February 2026, Evergy Metro filed an application with the MPSC to request an increase to its retail revenues of approximately $140 million. Evergy Metro's request reflected a return on equity of 10.5% (with a capital structure composed of 52% equity) and increases related to the recovery of infrastructure investments made to improve reliability and enhance customer service and the update of expenses to current levels of spend. New rates are expected to be effective in January 2027. Evergy Kansas Central's 2025 Rate Case Proceeding In January 2025, Evergy Kansas Central filed an application with the KCC to request an increase to its retail revenues of approximately $196 million. Evergy Kansas Central's request reflected a return on equity of 10.5% (with a capital structure composed of 52% equity) and increases related to the recovery of infrastructure investments made to improve reliability and enhance customer service and the update of expenses to current levels of spend. In July 2025, Evergy Kansas Central, the KCC staff and other intervenors in the case reached a unanimous settlement agreement to settle all outstanding issues in the case. The unanimous settlement provides for an increase to retail revenues of $128.0 million after rebasing property tax expense and not including costs recoverable through KCC-approved riders for Evergy Kansas Central. In September 2025, the KCC approved the unanimous settlement agreement and new rates took effect in October 2025. See Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information. Large Load Power Service Rate Plans and Executed Large Customer Agreements In February 2025, Evergy Kansas Central and Evergy Metro filed an application with the KCC and Evergy Metro and Evergy Missouri West filed an application with the MPSC seeking expedited approval of new comprehensive LLPS rate plans. In August 2025, Evergy Kansas Central, Evergy Metro, the KCC staff and other intervenors reached a unanimous settlement agreement for the LLPS rate plan which the KCC approved in November 2025. In September 2025, Evergy Metro, Evergy Missouri West and other intervenors agreed to a non-unanimous global stipulation and agreement for the LLPS rate plan which the MPSC approved in November 2025. 39 Table of Contents The LLPS rate plans are designed to establish a tariff framework for large load customers while including safeguards for existing customers to ensure that new large customers pay their cost of service and help defray costs that might be experienced by other customers. The provisions in the LLPS rate plans in both Kansas and Missouri apply to new or existing customers adding load in excess of 75 MWs. These plans have a term length of 12 years after a period of up to 5-years of transitional load. The minimum monthly bill requirement is set based on 80% of the customers' expected capacity demand and is applied to all demand-related bill elements and riders. Termination fees will be calculated as the minimum monthly bill requirement multiplied by the remaining months in the contract. New large load customers will also be required to post collateral equal to two years of minimum monthly bills at the time of signing the agreement, subject to established discounts based on creditworthiness. The Evergy Companies, at their discretion, may require additional collateral based on assessment of the overall creditworthiness of the counterparty. In February 2026, the Evergy Companies signed electric service agreements (ESAs) with multiple large load customers to serve data centers with a projected peak steady state load of approximately 1,900 MWs. The ESAs relate to two new projects and the expansion of two separate projects previously announced. The ESAs' terms reflect the applicable provisions of the Evergy Companies LLPS rate plans and the service of these large load customers, inclusive of a 5-year transitional load period, is expected to begin at dates ranging from 2026 to 2028. Federal Tax Reform In July 2025, the OBBBA was signed into law by President Trump. The OBBBA contains a wide variety of tax reforms affecting businesses, including changes to clean energy production tax credits, which could impact the Evergy Companies' long-term generation resource planning. The Evergy Companies do not expect a material impact to their operations and consolidated financial results. Missouri Legislation In April 2025, Missouri Senate Bill (SB) 4 was signed into law by the Governor of Missouri. Most notably, SB 4 establishes new mechanisms for Missouri electric utilities to recover the costs associated with the construction of new natural gas-fired generating units. The utilities will be able to include certain costs of construction work in progress (CWIP) in rate base. The inclusion of CWIP will be in lieu of allowance for funds used during construction (AFUDC) applicable to the construction of the new natural gas-fired generating units. The MPSC will determine the amount of CWIP that may be included in rate base. Additionally, amounts collected arising from the inclusion of CWIP in rate base are subject to refund under certain circumstances. These provisions are scheduled to expire at the end of 2035. Additionally, the law extends Missouri's existing PISA provisions to include certain natural gas-fired generating units as qualifying electric plant and extends the sunset date of these provisions through the end of 2035. These provisions allow electric utilities to defer to a regulatory asset for recovery in a subsequent general rate case 85% of depreciation expense and the associated return on investment for qualifying electric plant rate base additions for assets placed in-service between general rate cases. Kansas Legislation In April 2025, Kansas House Bill (HB) 2107 was signed into law by the Governor of Kansas. Most notably, HB 2107 establishes a two-year statute of limitations for wildfire-related claims against a Kansas electric public utility and a $5.0 million limit for punitive damages awarded under a fire claim. The law also requires the plaintiff to establish the burden of proof for fire claims by a preponderance of evidence. Natural Gas Plant Investments The Evergy Companies use IRPs, detailed analyses that estimate factors that influence the future supply and demand for electricity, to inform the manner in which they supply electricity. The most recent IRPs incorporate the latest SPP resource adequacy requirements and anticipated load growth. Based on these and other factors, the IRPs indicated the addition of new supply side resources, including combined and simple cycle natural gas plants, would be needed. 40 Table of Contents In October 2024, Evergy announced its plan to construct two combined-cycle natural gas plants located in Kansas. Evergy Kansas Central and Evergy Missouri West will jointly-own each plant and expect each plant to have an initial generating capacity of approximately 705 MWs. The first plant, a combined cycle gas turbine (CCGT) facility located in Sumner County, is expected to begin operations by spring of 2029 and the second plant, a CCGT facility located in Reno County, is expected to begin operations by spring of 2030. Additionally, Evergy Missouri West plans to construct a 440 MW simple-cycle natural gas plant located in Missouri. The plant is expected to begin operations in 2030. In 2024, Evergy Kansas Central and Evergy Missouri West requested predetermination from the KCC and a Certificate of Convenience and Necessity (CCN) from the MPSC, respectively, for their planned natural gas investments. In July 2025, the KCC approved a non-unanimous partial settlement agreement regarding Evergy Kansas Central's investments in its planned natural gas plants. In July 2025, the MPSC approved a non-unanimous stipulation and agreement regarding Evergy Missouri West's investments in its planned natural gas plants. See "Applications for Predetermination" and "Requests for Certificate of Convenience and Necessity" in Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding Evergy Kansas Central's and Evergy Missouri West's applications for predetermination and a CCN for their investments in these natural gas plants. Renewable Plant Investments Evergy Kansas Central intends to construct and own an approximately 159 MW solar generation facility, to be located in Douglas County Kansas, called Kansas Sky. In July 2024, a lawsuit was filed in the District Court of Douglas County, Grant Township, et al. v. Board of County Commissioners , requesting the court to overturn Douglas County's approval of the application to construct the solar generation facility. Due to the ongoing litigation, including the court's granting of an emergency injunction in December 2024 which temporarily prohibits the construction of the solar generation facility, Evergy Kansas Central is not able to estimate when the solar generation facility will begin operations. In July 2025, the KCC approved a unanimous partial settlement agreement for the Kansas Sky solar investment. See "Applications for Predetermination" in Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding Evergy Kansas Central's application for predetermination for its investment in this renewable generating plant. In 2024, Evergy Missouri West entered into agreements to own two solar generation facilities currently under development. The first facility, to be called Sunflower Sky, is a solar generation facility to be located in Kansas with an expected generating capacity of approximately 65 MWs. In September 2025, Evergy Missouri West acquired the Sunflower Sky solar facility assets from the developer and will complete construction of the facility. The second facility, to be called Foxtrot, is a solar generation facility to be located in Missouri with an expected generating capacity of approximately 100 MWs. In November 2025, Evergy Missouri West acquired the Foxtrot solar facility assets from the developer and will complete construction of the facility. The solar generation facilities are expected to begin operations by summer of 2027. In July 2025, the MPSC approved a unanimous stipulation and agreement regarding Evergy Missouri West's planned investments in the solar generation facilities. See "Requests for Certificate of Convenience and Necessity" in Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements for information regarding Evergy Missouri West's application for a CCN for its investment in these renewable generating plants. Convertible Note Repurchases In January and February 2026, Evergy, Inc. repurchased $244.1 million aggregate principal amount of its $1.4 billion aggregate principal amount of 4.50% Convertible Notes (Convertible Notes), under separate, privately negotiated repurchase agreements with certain holders of its Convertible Notes, for a total repurchase cost (excluding accrued and unpaid interest) of $308.6 million. After these January and February 2026 repurchases, $1,155.9 million aggregate principal amount of Convertible Notes remain outstanding. See "Convertible Notes" in Note 12 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding Evergy, Inc.'s repurchase of Convertible Notes. Regulatory Proceedings See Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements for information regarding other regulatory proceedings. 41 Table of Contents Wolf Creek Refueling Outage Wolf Creek's most recent refueling outage began in October 2025 and the unit returned to service in November 2025. Wolf Creek's next refueling outage is planned to begin in the spring of 2027. Earnings Overview The following table summarizes Evergy's net income and diluted earnings per share (EPS). 2025 Change 2024 (millions, except per share amounts) Net income attributable to Evergy, Inc. $ 855.6 $ (17.9) $ 873.5 Earnings per common share, diluted 3.66 (0.13) 3.79 Net income attributable to Evergy, Inc. decreased in 2025, compared to the same period in 2024, primarily due to higher operating and maintenance, depreciation and interest expense, losses from non-regulated investments in early-stage clean energy and energy solution companies and lower proceeds from corporate-owned life insurance (COLI); partially offset by new Evergy Missouri West and Evergy Kansas Central retail rates effective in January and October 2025, respectively, and higher transmission revenues. Diluted EPS decreased in 2025, compared to the same period in 2024, primarily due to the decrease in net income attributable to Evergy, Inc. discussed above in addition to a $0.05 per share decrease primarily due to dilution from Evergy's convertible notes. For additional information regarding the change in net income, refer to the Evergy Results of Operations section within this MD A. Non-GAAP Measures Evergy Utility Gross Margin (non-GAAP) Utility gross margin (non-GAAP) is a financial measure that is not calculated in accordance with GAAP. Utility gross margin (non-GAAP), as used by the Evergy Companies, is defined as operating revenues less fuel and purchased power costs and amounts billed by the SPP for network transmission costs. Expenses for fuel and purchased power costs, offset by wholesale sales margin, are subject to recovery through cost adjustment mechanisms. As a result, changes in fuel and purchased power costs are offset in operating revenues with minimal impact on net income. In addition, SPP network transmission costs fluctuate primarily due to investments by SPP members for upgrades to the transmission grid within the SPP RTO. As with fuel and purchased power costs, changes in SPP network transmission costs are mostly reflected in the prices charged to customers with minimal impact on net income. The Evergy Companies' definition of utility gross margin (non-GAAP) may differ from similar terms used by other companies. Utility gross margin (non-GAAP) is intended to aid an investor's overall understanding of results. Management believes that utility gross margin (non-GAAP) provides a meaningful basis for evaluating the Evergy Companies' operations across periods because utility gross margin (non-GAAP) excludes the revenue effect of fluctuations in fuel and purchased power costs and SPP network transmission costs. Utility gross margin (non-GAAP) is used internally to measure performance against budget and in reports for management and the Evergy Board. Utility gross margin (non-GAAP) should be viewed as a supplement to, and not a substitute for, gross margin, which is the most directly comparable financial measure prepared in accordance with GAAP. Gross margin under GAAP is defined as the excess of sales over cost of goods sold. Utility gross margin (non-GAAP) differs from the GAAP definition of gross margin due to the exclusion of operating and maintenance expenses determined to be directly attributable to revenue-producing activities, depreciation and amortization and taxes other than income tax. See the Evergy Companies' Results of Operations for a reconciliation of utility gross margin (non-GAAP) to gross margin, the most comparable GAAP measure. 42 Table of Contents Adjusted Earnings (non-GAAP) and Adjusted EPS (non-GAAP) Management believes that adjusted earnings (non-GAAP) and adjusted EPS (non-GAAP) are representative measures of Evergy's recurring earnings, assist in the comparability of results and are consistent with how management reviews performance. Evergy's adjusted earnings (non-GAAP) and adjusted EPS (non-GAAP) for 2025, were $893.8 million or $3.83 per share. For 2024, Evergy's adjusted earnings (non-GAAP) and adjusted EPS (non-GAAP) were $877.9 million or $3.81 per share. In addition to net income attributable to Evergy, Inc. and diluted EPS, Evergy's management uses adjusted earnings (non-GAAP) and adjusted EPS (non-GAAP) to evaluate earnings and EPS without: i. the realized losses, unrealized losses and impairment losses from non-regulated investments in early-stage clean energy and energy solution companies and costs related to the disposal of these investments; ii. the mark-to-market impacts of economic hedges related to Evergy Kansas Central's 8% ownership share of Jeffrey Energy Center (JEC); and iii. the costs incurred in the fourth quarter 2024 resulting from the realignment of the executive operations corporate structure. Adjusted earnings (non-GAAP) and adjusted EPS (non-GAAP) are intended to aid an investor's overall understanding of results. Management believes that adjusted earnings (non-GAAP) provides a meaningful basis for evaluating Evergy's operations across periods because it excludes certain items that management does not believe are indicative of Evergy's ongoing perf ormance or that can create period to period earnings volatility. Ad justed earnings (non-GAAP) and adjusted EPS (non-GAAP) are used internally to measure performance against budget and in reports for management and the Evergy Board. Adjusted earnings (non-GAAP) and adjusted EPS (non-GAAP) are financial measures that are not calculated in accordance with GAAP and may not be comparable to other companies' presentations or more useful than the GAAP information provided elsewhere in this report. The following table provides a reconciliation between net income attributable to Evergy, Inc. and diluted EPS as determined in accordance with GAAP and adjusted earnings (non-GAAP) and adjusted EPS (non-GAAP), respectively. Earnings (Loss) Earnings (Loss) per Diluted Share Earnings (Loss) Earnings (Loss) per Diluted Share 2025 2024 (millions, except per share amounts) Net income attributable to Evergy, Inc. $ 855.6 $ 3.66 $ 873.5 $ 3.79 Non-GAAP reconciling items: Losses from investments in early-stage clean energy and energy solution companies, pre-tax (a) 49.0 0.22 Mark-to-market impact of JEC economic hedges, pre-tax (b) 2.6 0.01 Executive operations team realignment, pre-tax (c) 2.5 0.01 Income tax benefit (d) (10.8) (0.05) (0.7) Adjusted earnings (non-GAAP) $ 893.8 $ 3.83 $ 877.9 $ 3.81 (a) Reflects realized losses, unrealized losses and impairment losses of $48.7 million from non-regulated investments in early-stage clean energy and energy solution companies that are included in investment earnings (loss) on the consolidated statements of comprehensive 43 Table of Contents income and $0.3 million of costs related to the disposal of these investments that are included in operating and maintenance expense on the consolidated statements of comprehensive income. Evergy has initiated a process to dispose of these investments. (b) Reflects mark-to-market gains or losses related to forward contracts for natural gas and electricity entered into as economic hedges against fuel price volatility related to Evergy Kansas Central's 8% ownership share of JEC that are included in operating revenues on the consolidated statements of comprehensive income. (c) Reflects costs incurred associated with the realignment of the executive operations corporate structure that are included in operating and maintenance expense and taxes other than income tax on the consolidated statements of comprehensive income. (d) Reflects an income tax effect calculated at a statutory rate of approximately 22%, with the exception of certain non-deductible items. ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS See Note 15 to the consolidated financial statements for information regarding environmental matters. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS See Note 17 to the consolidated financial statements for information regarding related party transactions. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts and related disclosures. Management considers an accounting estimate to be critical if it requires assumptions to be made that were uncertain at the time the estimate was made and changes in the estimate, or different estimates that could have been used, could have a material impact on Evergy's results of operations and financial position. Management has identified the following accounting policies as critical to the understanding of Evergy's results of operations and financial position. Management has discussed the development and selection of these critical accounting policies with the Audit Committee of the Evergy Board. Pensions Evergy incurs significant costs in providing non-contributory defined pension benefits. The costs are measured using actuarial valuations that are dependent upon numerous factors derived from actual plan experience and assumptions of future plan experience. Pension costs are impacted by actual employee demographics (including age, life expectancies, compensation levels and employment periods), earnings on plan assets, the level of contributions made to the plan, and plan amendments. In addition, pension costs are also affected by changes in key actuarial assumptions, including anticipated rates of return on plan assets and the discount rates used in determining the projected benefit obligation and pension costs. The assumed rate of return on plan assets was developed based on the weighted-average of long-term returns forecast for the expected portfolio mix of investments held by the plan. The assumed discount rate was selected based on the prevailing market rate of fixed income debt instruments with maturities matching the expected timing of the benefit obligation. These assumptions, updated annually at the measurement date, are based on management's best estimates and judgment; however, material changes may occur if these assumptions differ from actual events. See Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements for information regarding the assumptions used to determine benefit obligations and net costs. 44 Table of Contents The following table reflects the sensitivities associated with a 0.5% increase or a 0.5% decrease in key actuarial assumptions for Evergy's qualified pension plans. Each sensitivity reflects the impact of the change based on a change in that assumption only. Impact on Impact on Projected 2026 Change in Benefit Pension Actuarial assumption Assumption Obligation Expense (millions) Discount rate 0.5 % increase $ (95.6) $ (10.0) Rate of return on plan assets 0.5 % increase N/A (6.7) Rate of compensation 0.5 % increase 22.2 4.7 Discount rate 0.5 % decrease 105.9 11.0 Rate of return on plan assets 0.5 % decrease N/A 6.7 Rate of compensation 0.5 % decrease (20.9) (4.5) Pension expense for Evergy Kansas Central, Evergy Metro and Evergy Missouri West is recorded in accordance with rate orders from the KCC and MPSC. The orders allow the difference between pension costs under GAAP and pension costs for ratemaking to be recorded as a regulatory asset or liability with future ratemaking recovery or refunds, as appropriate. In 2025, Evergy's pension expense was $42.5 million under GAAP and $54.3 million for ratemaking. The impact on 2026 pension expense in the table above reflects the impact on GAAP pension costs. Under the Evergy Companies' rate agreements, any increase or decrease in GAAP pension expense is deferred to a regulatory asset or liability for future ratemaking treatment. See Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the accounting for pensions. Market conditions and interest rates significantly affect the future assets and liabilities of the plan. It is difficult to predict future pension costs, changes in pension liability and cash funding requirements due to the inherent uncertainty of market conditions. Revenue Recognition Evergy recognizes revenue on the sale of electricity to customers over time as the service is provided in the amount it has the right to invoice. Revenues recorded include electric services provided but not yet billed by Evergy. Unbilled revenues are recorded for kWh usage in the period following the customers' billing cycle to the end of the month. This estimate is based on net system kWh usage less actual billed kWhs. Evergy's estimated unbilled kWhs are allocated and priced by regulatory jurisdiction across the rate classes based on actual billing rates. Evergy's unbilled revenue estimate is affected by factors including fluctuations in energy demand, weather, line losses and changes in the composition of customer classes. See Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements for the balance of unbilled receivables for Evergy as of December 31, 2025 and 2024. Regulatory Assets and Liabilities Evergy has recorded assets and liabilities on its consolidated balance sheets resulting from the effects of the ratemaking process, which would not otherwise be recorded under GAAP. Regulatory assets represent incurred costs that are probable of recovery from future revenues. Regulatory liabilities represent future reductions in revenues or refunds to customers. Management regularly assesses whether regulatory assets and liabilities are probable of future recovery or refund by considering factors such as decisions by the MPSC, KCC or FERC in Evergy's rate case filings; decisions in other regulatory proceedings, including decisions related to other companies that establish precedent on matters applicable to Evergy; and changes in laws and regulations. If recovery or refund of regulatory assets or liabilities is not approved by regulators or is no longer deemed probable, these regulatory assets or liabilities are recognized in the current period results of operations. Evergy's continued ability to meet the criteria for recording regulatory 45 Table of Contents assets and liabilities may be affected in the future by restructuring and deregulation in the electric industry or changes in accounting rules. In the event that the criteria no longer applied to all or a portion of Evergy's operations, the related regulatory assets and liabilities would be written off unless an appropriate regulatory recovery mechanism were provided. Additionally, these factors could result in an impairment on utility plant assets. See Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information. Impairments of Assets and Goodwill Long-lived assets are required to be reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable as prescribed under GAAP. Accounting rules require goodwill to be tested for impairment annually and when an event occurs indicating the possibility that an impairment exists. The goodwill impairment test consists of comparing the fair value of a reporting unit to its carrying amount, including goodwill, to identify potential impairment. In the event that the carrying amount exceeds the fair value of the reporting unit, an impairment loss is recognized for the difference between the carrying amount of the reporting unit and its fair value. Evergy's consolidated operations are considered one reporting unit for assessment of impairment, as management assesses financial performance and allocates resources on a consolidated basis. The annual impairment test for the $2,336.6 million of goodwill from the merger that created Evergy was conducted as of May 1, 2025. The fair value of the reporting unit substantially exceeded the carrying amount, including goodwill. As a result, there was no impairment of goodwill. The determination of fair value for the reporting unit consisted of two valuation techniques: an income approach consisting of a discounted cash flow analysis and a market approach consisting of a determination of reporting unit invested capital using a market multiple derived from the historical earnings before interest, income taxes, depreciation and amortization and market prices of the stock of peer companies. The results of the two techniques were evaluated and weighted to determine a point within the range that management considered representative of fair value for the reporting unit, which involves a significant amount of management judgment. The discounted cash flow analysis is most significantly impacted by two assumptions: estimated future cash flows and the discount rate applied to those cash flows. Management determines the appropriate discount rate to be based on the reporting unit's weighted average cost of capital (WACC). The WACC takes into account both the return on equity authorized by the KCC and MPSC and after-tax cost of debt. Estimated future cash flows are based on Evergy's internal business plan, which assumes the occurrence of certain events in the future, such as the outcome of future rate filings, future approved rates of return on equity, anticipated returns of and earnings on future capital investments, continued recovery of cost of service and the renewal of certain contracts. Management also makes assumptions regarding the run rate of operations, maintenance and general and administrative costs based on the expected outcome of the aforementioned events. Should the actual outcome of some or all of these assumptions differ significantly from the current assumptions, revisions to current cash flow assumptions could cause the fair value of the Evergy reporting unit under the income approach to be significantly different in future periods and could result in a future impairment charge to goodwill. The market approach analysis is most significantly impacted by management's selection of relevant peer companies as well as the determination of an appropriate control premium to be added to the calculated invested capital of the reporting unit, as control premiums associated with a controlling interest are not reflected in the quoted market price of a single share of stock. Management determines an appropriate control premium by using an average of control premiums for recent acquisitions in the industry. Changes in results of peer companies, selection of different peer companies and future acquisitions with significantly different control premiums could result in a significantly different fair value of the Evergy reporting unit. Income Taxes Income taxes are accounted for using the asset/liability approach. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities, applying enacted statutory tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. Deferred investment tax credits are amortized ratably over the life of the related property. Deferred tax assets are also recorded for NOLs, capital losses and tax credit carryforwards. Evergy is required to estimate the amount of taxes 46 Table of Contents payable or refundable for the current year and the deferred tax liabilities and assets for future tax consequences of events reflected in Evergy's consolidated financial statements or tax returns. Actual results could differ from these estimates for a variety of reasons including changes in income tax laws, enacted tax rates and results of audits by taxing authorities. This process also requires management to make assessments regarding the timing and probability of the ultimate tax impact from which actual results may differ. Evergy records valuation allowances on deferred tax assets if it is determined that it is more likely than not that the asset will not be realized. See Note 20 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information. Asset Retirement Obligations Evergy has recognized legal obligations associated with the disposal of long-lived assets that result from the acquisition, construction, development or normal operation of such assets. Concurrent with the recognition of the liability, the estimated cost of the ARO incurred at the time the related long-lived assets were either acquired, placed in service or when regulations establishing the obligation became effective is also recorded to property, plant and equipment, net, on the consolidated balance sheets. The recording of AROs for regulated operations has no income statement impact due to the deferral of the adjustments through the establishment of a regulatory asset or an offset to a regulatory liability. Evergy initially records AROs at fair value for the estimated costs to decommission Wolf Creek (94% indirect share), retire wind generating facilities, dispose of asbestos insulating material at its power plants, remediate ash disposal ponds and close ash landfills, among other items. AROs refer to legal obligations to perform an asset retirement activity in which the timing and/or method of settlement may be conditional on a future event that may or may not be within the control of the entity. In determining Evergy's AROs, assumptions are made regarding probable future disposal costs and the timing of their occurrence. The results of these assumptions are discounted using credit-adjusted risk-free rates (CARFR). The CARFR is determined as the current U.S. Treasury bonds rates corresponding to the period of expected settlement activities and is adjusted for the associated bond rates Evergy would be charged to borrow for the specific time period. Any change in these assumptions could have a significant impact on Evergy's AROs reflected on its consolidated balance sheets. As of December 31, 2025 and 2024, Evergy had recorded AROs of $1,342.3 million and $1,297.0 million, respectively. See Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements for more information regarding Evergy's AROs. EVERGY RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Evergy's results of operations and financial position are affected by a variety of factors including rate regulation, fuel costs, weather, level of capital investment, customer behavior and demand, the economy and competitive forces. Substantially all of Evergy's revenues are subject to state or federal regulation. This regulation has a significant impact on the price the Evergy Companies charge for electric service. Evergy's results of operations and financial position are affected by its ability to align overall spending, both operating and capital, within the frameworks established by its regulators and to mitigate the impacts of inflationary pressures. Wholesale revenues are impacted by, among other factors, demand, cost and availability of fuel and purchased power, price volatility, available generation capacity, transmission availability and weather. The Evergy Companies use coal, uranium and gas for the generation of electricity for their customers and also purchase power through renewable power purchase agreements or on the open market. The prices for fuel used in generation or the market price of power purchases can fluctuate significantly due to a variety of factors including supply, demand, weather and the broader economic environment. Evergy Kansas Central, Evergy Metro and Evergy Missouri West have fuel recovery mechanisms in their Kansas and Missouri jurisdictions, as applicable, that allow them to defer and subsequently recover or refund, through customer rates, substantially all of the variance in net energy costs from the amount set in base rates without a general rate case proceeding. 47 Table of Contents Weather significantly affects the amount of electricity that Evergy's customers use as electricity sales are seasonal. As summer peaking utilities, the third quarter typically accounts for the greatest electricity sales by the Evergy Companies. Hot summer temperatures and cold winter temperatures prompt more demand, especially among residential and commercial customers, and to a lesser extent, industrial customers. Mild weather reduces customer demand. Energy efficiency investments by customers and the Evergy Companies also can affect the demand for electric service. Evergy Kansas Central, Evergy Metro and Evergy Missouri West offer energy efficiency and demand side management programs to their respective Kansas and Missouri retail customers and recover program costs, throughput disincentive, and as applicable, certain earnings opportunities in retail rates through a rider mechanism. The Evergy Companies' taxes other than income tax, of which property taxes are a significant component, can fluctuate significantly due to a variety of factors, including changes in taxable values and property tax rates. Evergy Kansas Central, Evergy Metro and Evergy Missouri West have property tax surcharges or trackers that allow them to defer and subsequently recover or refund, through customer rates, substantially all of the variance in property tax costs from the amounts set in base rates. The following table summarizes Evergy's comparative results of operations. 2025 Change 2024 (millions) Operating revenues $ 5,961.6 $ 114.3 $ 5,847.3 Fuel and purchased power 1,412.4 (67.5) 1,479.9 SPP network transmission costs 438.0 67.1 370.9 Operating and maintenance 995.3 33.4 961.9 Depreciation and amortization 1,162.9 48.9 1,114.0 Taxes other than income tax 420.1 (32.5) 452.6 Income from operations 1,532.9 64.9 1,468.0 Other income (expense), net (25.6) (28.7) 3.1 Interest expense 616.3 53.2 563.1 Income tax expense 29.9 (0.1) 30.0 Equity in earnings of equity method investees, net of income taxes 6.8 (1.0) 7.8 Net income 867.9 (17.9) 885.8 Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests 12.3 12.3 Net income attributable to Evergy, Inc. $ 855.6 $ (17.9) $ 873.5 48 Table of Contents Gross Margin (GAAP) and Utility Gross Margin (non-GAAP) The following table summarizes Evergy's gross margin (GAAP) and MWhs sold and reconcile Evergy's gross margin (GAAP) to Evergy's utility gross margin (non-GAAP). See "Executive Summary - Non-GAAP Measures" for additional information regarding gross margin (GAAP) and utility gross margin (non-GAAP). Revenues and Expenses MWhs Sold 2025 Change 2024 2025 Change 2024 Retail revenues (millions) (thousands) Residential $ 2,198.6 $ 12.0 $ 2,186.6 15,955 245 15,710 Commercial 1,950.5 (13.2) 1,963.7 18,676 401 18,275 Industrial 649.9 (32.1) 682.0 8,197 (191) 8,388 Other retail revenues 45.7 2.4 43.3 91 (10) 101 Total electric retail 4,844.7 (30.9) 4,875.6 42,919 445 42,474 Wholesale revenues 312.8 (7.7) 320.5 15,187 1,225 13,962 Transmission revenues 520.6 38.0 482.6 N/A N/A N/A Other revenues 283.5 114.9 168.6 N/A N/A N/A Operating revenues 5,961.6 114.3 5,847.3 58,106 1,670 56,436 Fuel and purchased power (1,412.4) 67.5 (1,479.9) SPP network transmission costs (438.0) (67.1) (370.9) Operating and maintenance (a) (521.7) 4.0 (525.7) Depreciation and amortization (1,162.9) (48.9) (1,114.0) Taxes other than income tax (420.1) 32.5 (452.6) Gross margin (GAAP) 2,006.5 102.3 1,904.2 Operating and maintenance (a) 521.7 (4.0) 525.7 Depreciation and amortization 1,162.9 48.9 1,114.0 Taxes other than income tax 420.1 (32.5) 452.6 Utility gross margin (non-GAAP) $ 4,111.2 $ 114.7 $ 3,996.5 (a) Operating and maintenance expenses which are deemed to be directly attributable to revenue-producing activities include plant operating and maintenance expenses at generating units and transmission and distribution operating and maintenance expenses and have been separately presented in order to calculate gross margin as defined under GAAP. These amounts exclude general and administrative expenses not directly attributable to revenue-producing activities of $473.6 million and $436.2 million for 2025 and 2024, respectively. Evergy's gross margin (GAAP) increased $102.3 million in 2025, compared to 2024, and Evergy's utility gross margin (non-GAAP) increased $114.7 million in 2025, compared to 2024, both measures were driven by: a $133.7 million increase from new retail rates consisting of $105.1 million from Evergy Missouri West retail rates effective in January 2025 and $28.6 million from Evergy Kansas Central retail rates effective in October 2025; a $38.0 million increase in transmission revenue primarily due to updated transmission costs reflected in Evergy Kansas Central's FERC transmission formula rate (TFR) effective in January 2025; and a $10.6 million increase primarily due to higher retail sales driven by favorable weather (heating degree days increased by 14%; partially offset by a 5% decrease in cooling degree days) and higher weather-normalized commercial demand; partially offset by a $40.4 million decrease in revenue from the Kansas property tax rider, which is offset in taxes other than income tax; and a $27.2 million decrease driven by items not included in fuel recovery mechanisms, including 2024 wholesale revenues related to Dogwood Energy Center (Dogwood), a higher portion of 2025 SPP transmission expenses, Crossroads Energy Center (Crossroads) transmission expenses and certain wholesale revenues at Evergy Kansas Central. 49 Table of Contents Additionally, the increase in Evergy's gross margin (GAAP) was also impacted by: a $48.9 million increase in depreciation and amortization as further described below; partially offset by a $32.5 million decrease in taxes other than income tax as further described below; and a $4.0 million decrease in operating and maintenance expenses which are determined to be directly attributable to revenue producing activities. Operating and Maintenance Evergy's operating and maintenance expense increased $33.4 million in 2025, compared to 2024, primarily driven by: a $14.2 million increase in general and administrative labor and employee benefits expense, including higher medical claims; an $8.7 million increase in credit loss expense primarily due to lower levels of net write-offs incurred compared to estimates in 2024; and a $7.0 million increase in legal costs due to increased litigation activity in 2025. Depreciation and Amortization Evergy's depreciation and amortization increased $48.9 million in 2025, compared to 2024, primarily due to capital additions. Taxes Other Than Income Tax Evergy's taxes other than income tax decreased $32.5 million in 2025, compared to 2024, primarily driven by a decrease in Evergy Kansas Central's and Evergy Metro's 2025 amortization of the Kansas property tax rider. Other Income (Expense), Net Evergy's other income, net in 2024 became other expense, net in 2025 as a result of a $28.7 million increase in net other expense items, primarily driven by: $48.7 million of realized, unrealized and impairment losses from Evergy's non-regulated investments in early-stage clean energy and energy solution companies; and a $7.8 million increase primarily due to recording lower Evergy Kansas Central COLI benefits in 2025; partially offset by $11.8 million of income related to a commercial solar generation project completed in 2025; a $7.0 million decrease in pension non-service costs; and a $3.3 million increase in equity AFUDC primarily at Evergy Kansas Central and Evergy Missouri West primarily driven by lower short-term debt balances in 2025. Interest Expense Evergy's interest expense increased $53.2 million in 2025, compared to 2024, primarily driven by: a $78.3 million increase due to issuances of long-term debt; and a $4.9 million increase due to lower debt AFUDC driven by lower short-term interest rates in 2025; partially offset by a $19.4 million decrease in interest expense due to the repayment of long-term debt; and a $13.5 million decrease due to increases in carrying costs deferred to a regulatory asset in accordance with PISA due to Evergy Kansas Central and Evergy Metro electing into Kansas PISA beginning July 2024. 50 Table of Contents EVERGY SIGNIFICANT BALANCE SHEET CHANGES (December 31, 2025 compared to December 31, 2024) Evergy's regulatory assets - current increased $36.5 million primarily driven by a $41.2 million increase related to Evergy Missouri West's fuel recovery mechanism under-collections. Evergy's nuclear decommissioning trusts increased $137.0 million primarily driven by realized and unrealized gains on investments at Evergy Kansas Central's and Evergy Metro's nuclear decommissioning trusts. Evergy's current maturities of long-term debt decreased $284.7 million primarily due to the repayments of Evergy Metro's $350.0 million of 3.65% Senior Notes in August 2025, Evergy Kansas Central's $250.0 million of 3.25% First Mortgage Bonds (FMBs) in December 2025 and Evergy Missouri West's $36.0 million of 3.49% Senior Notes in August 2025, partially offset by the reclassifications from long-term to current of Evergy Kansas Central's $350.0 million of 2.55% FMBs that mature in July 2026. Evergy's commercial paper increased $186.4 million driven by increases of $424.8 million at Evergy, Inc., $150.4 million at Evergy Missouri West and $86.6 million at Evergy Metro, partially offset by a $475.4 million decrease at Evergy Kansas Central. Increases and decreases in commercial paper borrowings were driven by capital expenditures, dividend payments, long-term debt issuances and repayments and other general corporate purposes. Evergy's regulatory liabilities - current decreased $32.2 million primarily driven by a $21.3 million decrease related to the refund of Evergy Missouri West's fuel recovery mechanism over-collections. Evergy's other liabilities - current increased $84.7 million primarily due to a $70.7 million increase in advances from customers for the prepayment of customer-funded construction projects. Evergy's long-term debt, net increased $1,230.0 million primarily driven by Evergy Metro's issuance of $400.0 million of 5.125% Mortgage Bonds in August 2025, Evergy Kansas Central's issuances of $300.0 million each of 5.25% FMBs in March and December 2025, respectively, Evergy Kansas Central's issuance of $300.0 million of 4.70% Notes in March 2025 and Evergy Missouri West's issuance of $300.0 million of 5.25% FMBs in November 2025; partially offset by the reclassification from long-term to current of Evergy Kansas Central's $350.0 million of 2.55% FMBs that mature in July 2026. See Note 12 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information. Evergy's pension and post-retirement liability decreased $92.6 million primarily due to an increase in the value of plan assets. LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES Evergy relies primarily upon cash from operations, short-term borrowings, debt, equity and hybrid security issuances and its existing cash and cash equivalents to fund its capital requirements. Evergy's capital requirements primarily consist of capital expenditures, payment of contractual obligations and other commitments and the payment of dividends to shareholders. Capital Sources Cash Flows from Operations Evergy's cash flows from operations are driven by the regulated sale of electricity. These cash flows are relatively stable but the timing and level of these cash flows can vary based on weather and economic conditions, future regulatory proceedings, the timing of cash payments made for costs recoverable under regulatory mechanisms and the time such costs are recovered, and unanticipated expenses such as unplanned plant outages and storms. Evergy's cash flows from operations were $2,045.2 million, $1,983.7 million and $1,980.2 million in 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Short-Term Borrowings As of December 31, 2025, Evergy had $1.1 billion of available borrowing capacity under its master credit facility. The available borrowing capacity under the master credit facility consisted of $199.1 million for Evergy, Inc., 51 Table of Contents $476.1 million for Evergy Kansas Central, $253.6 million for Evergy Metro and $173.4 million for Evergy Missouri West. The Evergy Companies' borrowing capacity under the master credit facility also supports their issuance of commercial paper. See Note 11 to the consolidated financial statements for more information regarding the master credit facility. Along with cash flows from operations and receivable sales facilities, Evergy generally uses borrowings under its master credit facility and the issuance of commercial paper to meet its day-to-day cash flow requirements. Evergy believes that its existing cash on hand and available borrowing capacity under its master credit facility provide sufficient liquidity for its existing capital requirements. Long-Term Debt, Equity and Hybrid Security Issuances From time to time, Evergy issues long-term debt, equity and hybrid securities to repay short-term debt, refinance maturing long-term debt and finance growth. In May 2025, Evergy entered into an equity distribution agreement, pursuant to which Evergy may sell, from time to time, up to an aggregate of $1.2 billion of its common stock through an At-the-Market Program (ATM Program), which may utilize forward sales agreements. Evergy subsequently entered into forward sale agreements under the ATM program which can be settled at Evergy's discretion on or prior to dates ranging from March 2027 to October 2027. As of December 31, 2025, the ATM Program had approximately $1.1 billion of common stock available for issuance. As of December 31, 2025 and 2024, Evergy's capital structure, excluding short-term debt, was as follows: December 31 2025 2024 Common equity 43% 44% Long-term debt, including VIEs 57% 56% Under stipulations with the MPSC and KCC, Evergy, Evergy Kansas Central and Evergy Metro are required to maintain common equity at not less than 35%, 40% and 40%, respectively, of total capitalization. The master credit facility and certain debt instruments of the Evergy Companies also contain restrictions that require the maintenance of certain capitalization and leverage ratios. As of December 31, 2025, the Evergy Companies were in compliance with these covenants. The Evergy Companies expect that cash generated from operations, proceeds from the issuance of long-term debt, equity and hybrid securities will be adequate to meet anticipated cash needs over the next five years. Debt Issuances Evergy expects to issue approximately $12.3 billion of securities, inclusive of hybrid debt securities with equity content attribution by the credit rating agencies, through debt capital markets between 2026 and 2030, subject to market conditions, which includes refinancing $3.9 billion of long-term debt maturities and open-market repurchases. See Note 12 to the consolidated financial statements for more information regarding significant debt issuances. Equity Issuances Evergy expects to issue $3.3 billion of equity between 2026 and 2030, subject to market conditions. At December 31, 2025, Evergy could have settled forward sale agreements outstanding through the ATM Program with physical delivery of 1.7 million shares of common stock to the respective counterparties in exchange for cash of $123.6 million. See Note 18 to the consolidated financial statements for more information. Credit Ratings The ratings of the Evergy Companies' debt securities by the credit rating agencies impact the Evergy Companies' liquidity, including the cost of borrowings under their master credit facility and in the capital markets. The Evergy Companies view maintenance of strong credit ratings as vital to their access to and cost of debt financing and, to that end, maintain an active and ongoing dialogue with the agencies with 52 Table of Contents respect to results of operations, financial position and future prospects. While a decrease in these credit ratings would not cause any acceleration of the Evergy Companies' debt, it could increase interest charges under the master credit facility. A decrease in credit ratings could also have, among other things, an adverse impact, which could be material, on the Evergy Companies' access to capital, the cost of funds, the ability to recover actual interest costs in state regulatory proceedings, the type and amounts of collateral required under supply agreements and Evergy's ability to provide credit support for its subsidiaries. As of February 18, 2026, the major credit rating agencies rated the Evergy Companies' securities as detailed in the following table. Moody's S P Global Investors Service (a) Ratings (a) Evergy Outlook Stable Stable Corporate Credit Rating -- BBB+ Senior Unsecured Debt Baa2 BBB Junior Subordinated Note Baa3 BBB- Commercial Paper P-2 A-2 Evergy Kansas Central Outlook Stable Stable Corporate Credit Rating Baa1 BBB+ Senior Secured Debt A2 A Senior Unsecured Debt Baa1 BBB+ Commercial Paper P-2 A-2 Evergy Kansas South Outlook Stable Stable Corporate Credit Rating Baa1 BBB+ Senior Secured Debt A2 A Short-Term Rating P-2 A-2 Evergy Metro Outlook Stable Stable Corporate Credit Rating Baa1 A- Senior Secured Debt A2 A Senior Unsecured Debt Baa1 A- Commercial Paper P-2 A-2 Evergy Missouri West Outlook Stable Stable Corporate Credit Rating Baa3 BBB+ Senior Secured Debt Baa1 A Commercial Paper P-3 A-2 (a) A securities rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 53 Table of Contents Shelf Registration Statements and Regulatory Authorizations Evergy In August 2024, Evergy filed an automatic shelf registration statement on Form S-3 with the SEC. Under this Form S-3, which is uncapped, Evergy may issue debt and other securities, including common stock, in the future with the amounts, prices and terms to be determined at the time of future offerings. The automatic registration statement was filed to replace a similar Form S-3 upon expiration of its three-year term. The shelf registration statement expires in August 2027. Evergy Kansas Central In August 2024, Evergy Kansas Central filed an automatic shelf registration statement on Form S-3 with the SEC. Under this Form S-3, which is uncapped, Evergy Kansas Central may issue debt securities in the future with the amounts, prices and terms to be determined at the time of future offerings. The automatic registration statement was filed to replace a similar Form S-3 upon expiration of its three-year term. The shelf registration statement expires in August 2027. Evergy Metro In August 2024, Evergy Metro filed an automatic shelf registration statement on Form S-3 with the SEC. Under this Form S-3, which is uncapped, Evergy Metro may issue debt securities in the future with the amounts, prices and terms to be determined at the time of future offerings. The automatic registration statement was filed to replace a similar Form S-3 upon expiration of its three-year term. The shelf registration statement expires in August 2027. The following table summarizes the regulatory short-term and long-term debt financing authorizations for Evergy Kansas Central, Evergy Kansas South, Evergy Metro and Evergy Missouri West and the remaining amount available under these authorizations as of December 31, 2025. Type of Authorization Commission Expiration Date Authorization Amount Available Under Authorization Evergy Kansas Central (in millions) Short-Term Debt FERC December 2026 $ 1,250.0 $ 928.1 Evergy Kansas South Short-Term Debt FERC December 2026 $ 1,000.0 $ 921.2 Evergy Metro Short-Term Debt FERC December 2026 $ 1,250.0 $ 1,004.7 Evergy Missouri West Short-Term Debt FERC December 2026 $ 750.0 $ 423.4 Long-Term Debt FERC December 2026 $ 600.0 $ 300.0 In addition to the above regulatory authorizations, the Evergy Kansas Central, Evergy Kansas South, Evergy Metro and Evergy Missouri West mortgages each contain provisions restricting the amount of FMBs or mortgage bonds, as applicable, that can be issued by each entity. Evergy Kansas Central, Evergy Kansas South, Evergy Metro and Evergy Missouri West must comply with these restrictions prior to the issuance of additional FMBs, mortgage bonds or other secured indebtedness. Under the Mortgage and Deed of Trust dated July 1, 1939, as amended and supplemented (Evergy Kansas Central Mortgage Indenture), additional Evergy Kansas Central mortgage bonds may be issued on the basis of 70% of property additions or retired bonds. As of December 31, 2025, $2.3 billion principal amount of additional FMBs could be issued under the most restrictive provisions in the mortgage, except in connection with certain refundings. Under the Evergy Kansas South Mortgage and Deed of Trust, dated April 1, 1940, as amended and supplemented (Evergy Kansas South Mortgage Indenture), the amount of FMBs authorized is limited to a maximum of $3.5 billion and the issuance of FMBs is subject to limitations based on the amount of 54 Table of Contents bondable property additions. In addition, the mortgage prohibits additional FMBs from being issued, except in connection with certain refundings, unless Evergy Kansas South's net earnings before income taxes and before provision for retirement and depreciation of property for a period of 12 consecutive months within 15 months preceding the issuance are not less than either two and one-half times the annual interest charges on or 10% of the principal amount of all Evergy Kansas South FMBs outstanding after giving effect to the proposed issuance. As of December 31, 2025, approximately $2.9 billion principal amount of additional Evergy Kansas South FMBs could be issued under the most restrictive provisions in the mortgage, except in connection with certain refundings. Under the General Mortgage Indenture and Deed of Trust dated as of December 1, 1986, as amended and supplemented (Evergy Metro Mortgage Indenture), additional Evergy Metro mortgage bonds may be issued on the basis of 75% of property additions or retired bonds. As of December 31, 2025, approximately $5.6 billion principal amount of additional Evergy Metro mortgage bonds could be issued under the most restrictive provisions in the mortgage. Under the First Mortgage Indenture and Deed of Trust, dated as of March 1, 2022, as supplemented (Evergy Missouri West Mortgage Indenture), additional Evergy Missouri West mortgage bonds may be issued on the basis of 75% of property additions or retired bonds. As of December 31, 2025, approximately $2.1 billion principal amount of additional Evergy Missouri West mortgage bonds could be issued under the most restrictive provisions in the mortgage. Cash and Cash Equivalents As of December 31, 2025, Evergy had approximately $19.8 million of cash and cash equivalents on hand. Nuclear Production Tax Credit In 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act (IRA) was signed into law providing a transferable Production Tax Credit (PTC) for electricity produced by existing nuclear power plants. Beginning in 2024, nuclear units, including Wolf Creek, became eligible for a production tax credit through 2032. The credit may be used to offset Evergy's income tax liability or be transferred to an unrelated third party. The Evergy Companies have estimated the credit based on the existing Internal Revenue Service (IRS) regulations. The IRS may provide guidance regarding the type of revenue to be included in the computation of gross receipts in 2026 which may significantly reduce the amount of nuclear PTCs available to Evergy. If Evergy is able to monetize the nuclear PTCs, it could result in significant cash inflows. The tax benefits, if any, are expected to be returned to customers over time as a reduction to revenue in future regulatory proceedings. See Note 20 to the consolidated financial statements for more information regarding the nuclear PTC. Capital Requirements Capital Expenditures Evergy expects to access the debt and equity markets for significant amounts of capital to fund the infrastructure investments outlined in the table below. The investments are part of Evergy's long-term strategy focused on affordability, reliability and sustainability, including the modernization and expansion of its generation fleet and in anticipation of growing demand in its service territory. These investments include other utility construction programs required to maintain Evergy's electric utility operations, ensure reliability and expand facilities related to providing electric service. These capital expenditures could include, but are not limited to, expenditures to develop new transmission lines and make improvements to or investments in power plants, transmission and distribution lines and equipment. Evergy's capital expenditures were $2,796.9 million, $2,336.6 million and $2,334.0 million in 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 55 Table of Contents Capital expenditures projected for the next five years, excluding AFUDC, including costs of removal and net of cash proceeds received from contributions in aid of construction, are detailed in the following table. This capital expenditure forecast is subject to management's discretion and continual review and could change. See Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors for information regarding potential risks to Evergy's capital expenditure plan. 2026 2027 2028 2029 2030 Five-year total (millions) Generating facilities - new generation $ 1,473 $ 1,980 $ 2,004 $ 2,283 $ 1,604 $ 9,344 Generating facilities - other 413 457 438 446 432 2,186 Transmission facilities 664 842 786 789 802 3,883 Distribution facilities 1,016 995 906 964 1,015 4,896 General facilities 242 272 266 275 232 1,287 Total capital expenditures $ 3,808 $ 4,546 $ 4,400 $ 4,757 $ 4,085 $ 21,596 Significant Contractual Obligations and Other Commitments In the course of its business activities, the Evergy Companies enter into a variety of contracts and commercial commitments. Some of these result in direct obligations reflected on Evergy's consolidated balance sheets while others are commitments, some firm and some based on projections, not reflected in Evergy's underlying consolidated financial statements. The information in the following table is provided to summarize Evergy's significant cash obligations and commercial commitments. For purchase commitments related to 'Generating facilities - new generation' included in the table above in the 'Capital Expenditures' section, see Note 15 to the consolidated financial statements. Payment due by period 2026 2027 2028 2029 2030 After 2030 Total Long-term debt (millions) Principal $ 611.1 $ 1,795.7 $ 318.8 $ 819.8 $ 420.8 $ 9,473.5 $ 13,439.7 Interest 580.1 563.2 484.1 473.4 450.8 4,698.1 7,249.7 Pension and other post-retirement plans (a) 111.3 111.3 111.3 111.3 111.3 (a) 556.5 Purchase commitments Fuel 313.0 202.9 194.7 181.0 93.2 384.4 1,369.2 Power 73.7 83.9 104.9 123.8 105.6 176.1 668.0 (a) Evergy expects to make contributions to the pension and other post-retirement plans beyond 2030 but the amounts are not yet determined. Long-term debt includes current maturities and $192.9 million of tax-exempt bonds with interest rates that are determined each week. The bondholders of these tax-exempt bonds are permitted to tender the tax-exempt bonds to the issuer for purchase and, if tendered, the issuer is obligated to purchase any such bonds that cannot be remarketed to other investors. These tax-exempt bonds are classified as long-term debt due to the issuer's intent and ability to utilize such borrowings as long-term financing. Long-term debt principal excludes $109.6 million of unamortized net discounts and debt issuance costs and a $76.1 million fair value adjustment recorded in connection with purchase accounting for the merger that created Evergy in 2018. Variable rate interest obligations are based on rates as of December 31, 2025. Evergy expects to contribute $111.3 million to the pension and other post-retirement plans in 2026, of which the majority is expected to be paid by Evergy Kansas Central and Evergy Metro. Additional contributions to the plans are expected beyond 2030 in amounts at least sufficient to meet the greater of Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (ERISA) or regulatory funding requirements; however, these amounts have not yet been determined. Amounts for years after 2026 are estimates based on information available in determining the amount for 2026. Actual amounts for years after 2026 could be significantly different than the estimated amounts in the table above. 56 Table of Contents Fuel commitments consist of commitments for nuclear fuel and coal in addition to coal and natural gas transportation costs. Power commitments consist of certain commitments for renewable energy under power purchase agreements, capacity purchases and firm transmission service. As of December 31, 2025, Evergy has other insignificant commitments as well as other insignificant long-term liabilities recorded on its consolidated balance sheet, which are not included in the table above. Common Stock Dividends The amount and timing of dividends payable on Evergy's common stock are within the sole discretion of the Evergy Board. The amount and timing of dividends declared by the Evergy Board will be dependent on considerations such as Evergy's earnings, financial position, cash flows, capitalization ratios, regulation, reinvestment opportunities and debt covenants. Evergy targets a long-term dividend payout ratio of 50%-60% . See Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements for information on the common stock dividend declared by the Evergy Board in February 2026. The Evergy Companies also have certain restrictions stemming from statutory requirements, corporate organizational documents, covenants and other conditions that could affect dividend levels. See Note 18 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of restrictions on dividend payments. Cash Flows The following table presents Evergy's cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities. 2025 2024 (millions) Cash flows from operating activities $ 2,045.2 $ 1,983.7 Cash flows used in investing activities (2,570.1) (2,261.8) Cash flows from financing activities 522.0 280.3 Cash Flows from Operating Activities Evergy's cash flows from operating activities increased $61.5 million in 2025, compared to 2024, primarily driven by an increase in cash receipts for retail electric sales in 2025. Cash Flows used in Investing Activities Evergy's cash flows used in investing activities increased $308.3 million in 2025, compared to 2024, primarily driven by a $460.3 million increase in additions to property, plant and equipment driven by increased spending for a variety of capital projects, including infrastructure investments and construction of new generation facilities. Cash Flows from Financing Activities Evergy's cash flows from financing activities increased $241.7 million in 2025, compared to 2024, primarily driven by a $273.5 million increase in proceeds from long-term debt, net due to the issuance of $1,687.5 million of long-term debt in 2025, compared to the issuance of $1,414.0 million of long-term debt in 2024. 57 Table of Contents EVERGY KANSAS CENTRAL, INC. MANAGEMENT'S NARRATIVE ANALYSIS OF RESULTS OF OPERATIONS The below results of operations and related discussion for Evergy Kansas Central is presented in a reduced disclosure format in accordance with General Instruction (I)(2)(a) to Form 10-K. The following table summarizes Evergy Kansas Central's comparative results of operations. 2025 Change 2024 (millions) Operating revenues $ 3,060.3 $ 53.2 $ 3,007.1 Fuel and purchased power 538.9 (18.2) 557.1 SPP network transmission costs 438.0 67.1 370.9 Operating and maintenance 478.8 2.8 476.0 Depreciation and amortization 579.2 17.5 561.7 Taxes other than income tax 223.7 (27.0) 250.7 Income from operations 801.7 11.0 790.7 Other income, net 15.7 3.0 12.7 Interest expense 241.2 11.7 229.5 Income tax expense 16.3 4.1 12.2 Equity in earnings of equity method investees, net of income taxes 3.4 0.1 3.3 Net income 563.3 (1.7) 565.0 Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests 12.3 12.3 Net income attributable to Evergy Kansas Central, Inc. $ 551.0 $ (1.7) $ 552.7 58 Table of Contents Evergy Kansas Central Gross Margin (GAAP) and Utility Gross Margin (non-GAAP) The following table summarizes Evergy Kansas Central's gross margin (GAAP) and MWhs sold and reconciles Evergy Kansas Central's gross margin (GAAP) to Evergy Kansas Central's utility gross margin (non-GAAP). See "Executive Summary - Non-GAAP Measures" for additional information regarding gross margin (GAAP) and utility gross margin (non-GAAP). Revenues and Expenses MWhs Sold 2025 Change 2024 2025 Change 2024 Retail revenues (millions) (thousands) Residential $ 960.3 $ (23.2) $ 983.5 6,656 5 6,651 Commercial 816.3 (26.4) 842.7 7,475 88 7,387 Industrial 425.0 (23.9) 448.9 5,174 (112) 5,286 Other retail revenues 24.3 (0.9) 25.2 36 (3) 39 Total electric retail 2,225.9 (74.4) 2,300.3 19,341 (22) 19,363 Wholesale revenues 266.2 29.0 237.2 9,721 747 8,974 Transmission revenues 483.0 28.0 455.0 N/A N/A N/A Other revenues 85.2 70.6 14.6 N/A N/A N/A Operating revenues 3,060.3 53.2 3,007.1 29,062 725 28,337 Fuel and purchased power (538.9) 18.2 (557.1) SPP network transmission costs (438.0) (67.1) (370.9) Operating and maintenance (a) (231.2) 15.5 (246.7) Depreciation and amortization (579.2) (17.5) (561.7) Taxes other than income tax (223.7) 27.0 (250.7) Gross margin (GAAP) 1,049.3 29.3 1,020.0 Operating and maintenance (a) 231.2 (15.5) 246.7 Depreciation and amortization 579.2 17.5 561.7 Taxes other than income tax 223.7 (27.0) 250.7 Utility gross margin (non-GAAP) $ 2,083.4 $ 4.3 $ 2,079.1 (a) Operating and maintenance expenses which are deemed to be directly attributable to revenue-producing activities include plant operating and maintenance expenses at generating units and transmission and distribution operating and maintenance expenses and have been separately presented in order to calculate gross margin as defined under GAAP. These amounts exclude general and administrative expenses not directly attributable to revenue-producing activities of $247.6 million and $229.3 million in 2025 and 2024, respectively. Evergy Kansas Central's gross margin (GAAP) increased $29.3 million in 2025, compared to 2024, and Evergy Kansas Central's utility gross margin (non-GAAP) increased $4.3 million in 2025, compared to 2024, both measures were driven by: a $28.6 million increase from new Evergy Kansas Central retail rates effective in October 2025; and a $28.0 million increase in transmission revenue primarily due to updated transmission costs reflected in Evergy Kansas Central's FERC TFR effective in January 2025; partially offset by a $33.4 million decrease in revenue from the Kansas property tax rider, which is offset in taxes other than income tax; and an $18.9 million decrease primarily due to lower retail sales driven by unfavorable weather (cooling degree days decreased 14%, partially offset by an 18% increase in heating degree days); partially offset by higher weather-normalized residential and commercial demand. Additionally, the increase in Evergy Kansas Central's gross margin (GAAP) was also impacted by: a $27.0 million decrease in taxes other than income tax as described further below; and a $15.5 million decrease in operating and maintenance expenses which are determined to be directly attributable to revenue producing activities primarily driven by an $8.8 million decrease in transmission and distribution operating and maintenance expense as further described below; partially offset by a $17.5 million increase in depreciation and amortization as described further below. 59 Table of Contents Evergy Kansas Central Operating and Maintenance Evergy Kansas Central's operating and maintenance expense increased $2.8 million in 2025, compared to 2024, primarily driven by: an $8.8 million increase in general and administrative labor and employee benefits expense, including higher medical claims; and a $3.8 million increase in credit loss expense primarily due to lower levels of net write-offs incurred compared to estimates in 2024; partially offset by an $8.8 million decrease in transmission and distribution operating and maintenance expenses primarily driven by a $9.7 million decrease in non-labor expense. Evergy Kansas Central Depreciation and Amortization Evergy Kansas Central's depreciation and amortization expense increased $17.5 million in 2025, compared to 2024, primarily due to capital additions. Evergy Kansas Central Taxes Other than Income Tax Evergy Kansas Central's taxes other than income tax decreased $27.0 million in 2025, compared to 2024, primarily driven by a decrease in the 2025 amortization of the Kansas property tax rider. Evergy Kansas Central Other Income, Net Evergy Kansas Central's other income, net increased $3.0 million in 2025, compared to 2024, primarily driven by: a $4.8 million increase in investment earnings primarily driven by higher interest income; a $3.0 million increase in equity AFUDC driven by lower short-term debt balances in 2025; and a $2.5 million decrease in pension non-service costs; partially offset by a $7.5 million decrease due to recording lower Evergy Kansas Central COLI benefits in 2025. Evergy Kansas Central Interest Expense Evergy Kansas Central's interest expense increased $11.7 million in 2025, compared to 2024, primarily driven by: a $25.1 million increase due to issuances of long-term debt; and a $6.7 million increase due to lower debt AFUDC driven by lower short-term interest rates in 2025; partially offset by an $11.0 million decrease due to increases in carrying costs deferred to a regulatory asset in accordance with PISA due to Evergy Kansas Central electing into Kansas PISA beginning July 2024. Evergy Kansas Central Income Tax Expense Evergy Kansas Central's income tax expense increased $4.1 million in 2025, compared to 2024, primarily driven by lower wind income tax credits in 2025. 60 Table of Contents EVERGY METRO, INC. MANAGEMENT'S NARRATIVE ANALYSIS OF RESULTS OF OPERATIONS The below results of operations and related discussion for Evergy Metro is presented in a reduced disclosure format in accordance with General Instruction (I)(2)(a) to Form 10-K. The following table summarizes Evergy Metro's comparative results of operations. 2025 Change 2024 (millions) Operating revenues $ 1,916.1 $ 22.4 $ 1,893.7 Fuel and purchased power 564.3 11.5 552.8 Operating and maintenance 297.2 15.5 281.7 Depreciation and amortization 408.8 8.2 400.6 Taxes other than income tax 141.3 (6.1) 147.4 Income from operations 504.5 (6.7) 511.2 Other income, net 0.1 (1.2) 1.3 Interest expense 139.9 (7.2) 147.1 Income tax expense 44.2 3.3 40.9 Net income $ 320.5 $ (4.0) $ 324.5 61 Table of Contents Evergy Metro Gross Margin (GAAP) and Utility Gross Margin (non-GAAP) The following table summarizes Evergy Metro's gross margin (GAAP) and MWhs sold and reconciles Evergy Metro's gross margin (GAAP) to Evergy Metro's utility gross margin (non-GAAP). See "Executive Summary - Non-GAAP Measures" for additional information regarding gross margin (GAAP) and utility gross margin (non-GAAP). Revenues and Expenses MWhs Sold 2025 Change 2024 2025 Change 2024 Retail revenues (millions) (thousands) Residential $ 750.6 $ 11.8 $ 738.8 5,610 135 5,475 Commercial 781.5 4.8 776.7 7,464 94 7,370 Industrial 131.8 (0.9) 132.7 1,696 (15) 1,711 Other retail revenues 11.8 1.5 10.3 41 (4) 45 Total electric retail 1,675.7 17.2 1,658.5 14,811 210 14,601 Wholesale revenues 38.7 (43.9) 82.6 5,041 403 4,638 Transmission revenues 25.7 5.8 19.9 N/A N/A N/A Other revenues 176.0 43.3 132.7 N/A N/A N/A Operating revenues 1,916.1 22.4 1,893.7 19,852 613 19,239 Fuel and purchased power (564.3) (11.5) (552.8) Operating and maintenance (a) (201.0) (0.3) (200.7) Depreciation and amortization (408.8) (8.2) (400.6) Taxes other than income tax (141.3) 6.1 (147.4) Gross margin (GAAP) 600.7 8.5 592.2 Operating and maintenance (a) 201.0 0.3 200.7 Depreciation and amortization 408.8 8.2 400.6 Taxes other than income tax 141.3 (6.1) 147.4 Utility gross margin (non-GAAP) $ 1,351.8 $ 10.9 $ 1,340.9 (a) Operating and maintenance expenses which are deemed to be directly attributable to revenue-producing activities include plant operating and maintenance expenses at generating units and transmission and distribution operating and maintenance expenses and have been separately presented in order to calculate gross margin as defined under GAAP. These amounts exclude general and administrative expenses not directly attributable to revenue-producing activities of $96.2 million and $81.0 million in 2025 and 2024, respectively. Evergy Metro's gross margin (GAAP) increased $8.5 million in 2025, compared to 2024, and Evergy Metro's utility gross margin (non-GAAP) increased $10.9 million in 2025, compared to 2024, both measures were driven by: a $12.2 million increase primarily due to higher retail sales driven by favorable weather (heating degree days increased 11% and cooling degree days increased 3%); and a $5.8 million increase in transmission revenue; partially offset by a $7.1 million decrease in revenue from the Kansas property tax rider, which is offset in taxes other than income tax; and Additionally, the increase in Evergy Metro's gross margin (GAAP) was also impacted by: an $8.2 million increase in depreciation and amortization as further described below; a $0.3 million increase in operating and maintenance expenses which are determined to be directly attributable to revenue producing activities; partially offset by a $6.1 million decrease in taxes other than income tax, as further described below. Evergy Metro Operating and Maintenance Evergy Metro's operating and maintenance expense increased $15.5 million in 2025, compared to 2024, primarily driven by: a $7.0 million increase in general and administrative labor and employee benefits expense, including higher medical claims; 62 Table of Contents a $4.6 million increase in legal costs due to increased litigation activity in 2025; and a $2.3 million increase in credit loss expense primarily due to lower levels of net write-offs incurred compared to estimates in 2024. Evergy Metro Depreciation and Amortization Evergy Metro's depreciation and amortization expense increased $8.2 million in 2025, compared to 2024, primarily due to capital additions. Evergy Metro Taxes Other than Income Tax Evergy Metro's taxes other than income tax decreased $6.1 million in 2025, compared to 2024, primarily driven by a decrease in the 2025 amortization of the Kansas property tax rider. Evergy Metro Interest Expense Evergy Metro's interest expense decreased $7.2 million in 2025, compared to 2024, primarily driven by: an $11.3 million decrease due to increases in carrying costs deferred to a regulatory asset in accordance with PISA due to a higher outstanding balance of qualified PISA additions and Evergy Metro electing into Kansas PISA beginning July 2024; a $5.6 million decrease in interest expense on short-term borrowings primarily due to lower weighted-average interest rates; and a $4.8 million decrease due to the repayment of long-term debt; partially offset by a $12.0 million increase due to issuances of long-term debt. Evergy Metro Income Tax Expense Evergy Metro's income tax expense increased $3.3 million in 2025, compared to 2024, primarily driven by lower income tax credits in 2025. ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK In the ordinary course of business, Evergy faces risks that are either non-financial or non-quantifiable. Such risks principally include business, legal, operational and credit risks and are not represented in the following analysis. See Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors and Part II, Item 7, MD A for further discussion of risk factors. The Evergy Companies are exposed to market risks associated with commodity price and supply, interest rates and security prices. Commodity price risk is the potential adverse price impact related to the purchase or sale of electricity and energy-related products, including natural gas and coal. Credit risk is the potential adverse financial impact resulting from non-performance by a counterparty of its contractual obligations. Interest rate risk is the potential adverse financial impact related to changes in interest rates. In addition, Evergy's investments in trusts to fund nuclear plant decommissioning and non-qualified retirement benefits give rise to security price risk. Management has established risk management policies and strategies to reduce the potentially adverse effects that the volatility of the markets may have on Evergy's operating results. During the ordinary course of business, the Evergy Companies' hedging strategies are reviewed to determine the hedging approach deemed appropriate based upon the circumstances of each situation. Though management believes its risk management practices are effective, it is not possible to identify and eliminate all risk. Evergy could experience losses, which could have a material adverse effect on its results of operations or financial position, due to many factors, including unexpectedly large or rapid movements or disruptions in the energy markets, regulatory-driven market rule changes and/or bankruptcy or non-performance of customers or counterparties, and/or failure of underlying transactions that have been hedged to materialize. Hedging Strategies From time to time, Evergy utilizes derivative instruments to execute risk management and hedging strategies. Derivative instruments, such as futures, forward contracts, swaps or options, derive their value from underlying 63 Table of Contents assets, indices, reference rates or a combination of these factors. These derivative instruments include negotiated contracts, which are referred to as over-the-counter derivatives, and instruments listed and traded on an exchange. Commodity Price Risk The Evergy Companies engage in the wholesale and retail sale of electricity as part of their regulated electric operations in addition to non-regulated energy marketing activities. These activities expose the Evergy Companies to risks associated with the price of electricity and other energy-related products. Exposure to these risks is affected by a number of factors including the quantity and availability of fuel used for generation and the quantity of electricity customers consume, as well as the wholesale market prices received by the Evergy Companies' generation resources and the wholesale market prices paid to procure power to serve customer load or satisfy regulatory or contractual obligations. Customers' electricity usage could also vary from year to year based on the weather or other factors. Quantities of fossil fuel used for generation vary from year to year based on the availability, price and deliverability of a given fuel type as well as planned and unplanned outages at facilities that use fossil fuels. Evergy's exposure to fluctuations in these factors is limited by the cost-based regulation of its regulated operations in Kansas and Missouri as these operations are typically allowed to recover substantially all of these costs through fuel recovery mechanisms. While there may be a delay in timing between when these costs are incurred and when they are recovered through rates, changes from year to year generally do not have a material impact on operating results. The majority of derivative instruments used to manage Evergy's commodity price exposure are either not designated as hedges or do not qualify for hedge accounting. Mark-to-market changes for these instruments entered into by regulated businesses are reflected as regulatory assets or regulatory liabilities on Evergy's consolidated balance sheets. Derivative instruments entered into for non-regulated energy marketing activities are marked-to-market each period, with changes in the fair value of the derivative instruments reflected in earnings. See Note 13 to the consolidated financial statements for more information. Value at Risk (VaR) Associated with Energy Marketing Activities Management uses a risk measurement model, which calculates VaR to measure Evergy's commodity price risk associated with its trading portfolio related to non-regulated energy marketing activities. The VaR is calculated using historical 30-day exponentially weighted volatilities and correlations and assumes a 95% confidence level and a one-day holding period. Based on this VaR analysis, as of December 31, 2025, a near term typical change in commodity prices is not expected to materially impact net income, cash flows or financial position. The following table shows the end, high, average and low market risk associated with its trading portfolio related to non-regulated energy marketing activities as measured by VaR for the periods indicated. The information includes non-regulated financial and physical transactions that are not considered derivatives under U.S. GAAP but economically offset derivatives also included in the VaR model. VaR Model Trading Portfolio Year Ended Year Ended December 31, 2025 December 31, 2024 End High Average Low End High Average Low (millions) (millions) $ 0.7 $ 2.8 $ 0.9 $ 0.1 $ 1.1 $ 3.6 $ 0.7 $ 0.1 Management back-tests VaR results against performance due to actual price movements. Based on the assumed 95% confidence interval, the performance due to actual price movements would be expected to exceed the VaR at least once every 20 trading days. Interest Rate Risk Evergy manages interest rate risk and short and long-term liquidity by limiting its exposure to variable interest rate debt and debt-like financial instruments to a percentage of total debt, diversifying maturity dates and, from time to time, entering into interest rate hedging transactions. As of December 31, 2025, 10.0% of Evergy's total debt (including short-term borrowings consisting of short-term debt in excess of utility construction work in progress balances that is not eligible for capitalization as AFUDC and borrowings under Evergy's receivable sale facilities) were exposed to interest rate risk. Evergy computes and presents information regarding the sensitivity to changes in 64 Table of Contents interest rates for variable rate debt, short-term borrowings and current maturities of fixed rate debt by assuming a 100-basis-point change in the current interest rates applicable to such debt over the remaining time the debt is outstanding. As of December 31, 2025, Evergy had $1,524.6 million of short-term borrowings, variable rate debt and current maturities of fixed rate debt exposed to variable interest rate sensitivity. A 100-basis-point change in interest rates applicable to this debt would impact Evergy's income before income taxes basis by approximately $13.2 million, net of AFUDC borrowed funds which represents the allowed cost of capital used to finance utility construction activity and is a reduction of interest expense. Credit Risk Evergy is exposed to counterparty credit risk largely in the form of accounts receivable from its retail and wholesale electric customers and through executory contracts with market risk exposure. The credit risk associated with accounts receivable from retail and wholesale customers is largely mitigated by Evergy's large number of individual customers spread across diverse customer classes and the ability to recover bad debt expense in customer rates. The Evergy Companies maintain credit policies and employ credit risk control mechanisms, such as letters of credit, when necessary to minimize their overall credit risk and monitor exposure. The credit risk associated with new large load customers is partially mitigated by the requirement that new large load customers post collateral equal to two years of minimum monthly bills at the time of signing the agreement, subject to established discounts based on creditworthiness. The Evergy Companies, at their discretion, may require additional collateral based on assessment of the overall creditworthiness of the counterparty. Credit risk of the Evergy Companies' derivative instruments relates to the potential adverse financial impact resulting from non-performance by a counterparty of its contractual obligations. See Note 13 to the consolidated financial statements for more information on potential loss on counterparty exposure for derivative instruments as of December 31, 2025. Investment Risk Evergy maintains trust funds, as required by the NRC, to fund its 94% share of decommissioning the Wolf Creek nuclear power plant and also maintains trusts to fund pension benefits as well as certain non-qualified retirement benefits. As of December 31, 2025, these funds were primarily invested in a diversified mix of equity and debt securities and reflected at fair value on Evergy's balance sheet. The equity securities in the trusts are exposed to price fluctuations in equity markets and the value of debt securities are exposed to changes in interest rates and other market factors. As nuclear decommissioning costs are currently recovered in customer rates, Evergy defers both realized and unrealized gains and losses for these securities as an offset to its regulatory liability for decommissioning Wolf Creek and as such, fluctuations in the value of these securities do not impact earnings. A significant decline in the value of pension or non-qualified retirement assets could require Evergy to increase funding of its pension plans in future periods, which could adversely affect cash flows in those periods. In addition, a decline in the fair value of these plan assets, in the absence of additional cash contributions to the plans by Evergy, could increase the amount of pension cost required to be recorded in future periods by Evergy. In addition to Evergy's investments in debt and equity securities in its nuclear decommissioning and pension trusts, Evergy has also historically made limited non-regulated equity and debt investments in early-stage energy solution companies. These limited investments are often in privately-owned companies that do not have readily determinable fair values. However, from time to time, these investments could have changes in fair value as a result of bankruptcies, acquisitions, mergers, initial public offerings, or observable market transactions for similar investments. In 2025, Evergy initiated a process to dispose of these investments and could experience changes in their value upon their ultimate liquidation. See Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements for more information on these investments as of and for the year ended December 31, 2025. 65 Table of Contents ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Evergy, Inc. 67 Evergy Kansas Central, Inc. 69 Evergy Metro, Inc. 71 Evergy, Inc. Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 73 Consolidated Balance Sheets 74 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 76 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity 77 Evergy Kansas Central, Inc. Consolidated Statements of Income 78 Consolidated Balance Sheets 79 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 81 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity 82 Evergy Metro, Inc. Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 83 Consolidated Balance Sheets 84 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 86 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity 87 Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Note 1: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 88 Note 2: Revenue 98 Note 3: Receivables 101 Note 4: Rate Matters and Regulation 103 Note 5: Goodwill 110 Note 6: Asset Retirement Obligations 110 Note 7: Property, Plant Equipment 111 Note 8: Jointly-Owned Electric Utility Plants 112 Note 9: Pension Plans and Post-Retirement Benefits 113 Note 10: Equity Compensation 127 Note 11: Short-Term Borrowings and Short-Term Bank Lines of Credit 129 Note 12: Long-Term Debt 130 Note 13: Derivative Instruments 134 Note 14: Fair Value Measurements 139 Note 15: Commitments and Contingencies 144 Note 16: Guarantees 150 Note 17: Related Party Transactions and Relationships 150 Note 18: Shareholders' Equity 152 Note 19: Variable Interest Entities 153 Note 20: Taxes 155 Note 21: Leases 160 Note 22: Segment Information 165 66 Table of Contents REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of Evergy, Inc. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Evergy, Inc. and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, the related consolidated statements of comprehensive income, changes in equity, and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2025, and the related notes and the financial statement schedules listed in the Index at Item 15 (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2025, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated February 18, 2026, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matter The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are materia