=== PSA_2026-02-12.htm.gz ===
Item 1A, Risk Factors of this report and in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). These include changes in demand for our facilities, changes in macroeconomic conditions, changes in national self-storage facility development activity, impacts from our strategic corporate transformation initiative, impacts of natural disasters, adverse changes in laws and regulations including governing property tax, evictions, rental rates, minimum wage levels, and insurance, adverse economic effects from public health emergencies, international military conflicts, international trade disputes (including threatened or implemented tariffs imposed by the U.S. and threatened or implemented tariffs imposed by foreign countries in retaliation), or similar events impacting public health and/or economic activity, increases in the costs of our primary customer acquisition channels, adverse impacts to us and our customers from high interest rates, inflation, unfavorable foreign currency rate fluctuations, or changes in federal or state tax laws related to the taxation of REITs, security breaches, including ransomware, or a failure of our networks, systems, or technology. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this report or as of the dates indicated in the statements. All of our forward-looking statements, including those in this report, are qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement. We expressly disclaim any obligation to update publicly or otherwise revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, new estimates, or other factors, events or circumstances after the date of these forward-looking statements, except when expressly required by law. Given these risks and uncertainties, you should not rely on any forward-looking statements in this report, or which management may make orally or in writing from time to time, neither as predictions of future events nor guarantees of future performance. General Discussion of our Business Public Storage is a Maryland real estate investment trust ( REIT ) engaged in the ownership, development, and operation of self-storage facilities and other related operations including tenant reinsurance, third-party self-storage management and bridge lending to third-party self-storage owners. We are the industry leading owner of self-storage properties, with one of the most recognized brands in the self-storage industry, including our ubiquitous orange color. On August 14, 2023, we completed a reorganization that resulted in us holding the interests in our facilities through an operating partnership, Public Storage OP, L.P. and its subsidiaries including Public Storage Operating Company, formerly known as Public Storage, which was organized in 1980. This structure is commonly referred to as an umbrella partnership REIT, or UPREIT. After the reorganization, the primary assets of the parent entity, Public Storage, are general partner and limited partner interests in Public Storage OP, L.P. Unless stated otherwise or the context otherwise requires, references to Public Storage mean the parent entity, Public Storage, references to PSA OP mean Public Storage OP, L.P., and references to PSOC mean Public Storage Operating Company. References to the Company, we, us, and our mean collectively Public Storage, PSA OP, PSOC and those entities/subsidiaries owned or controlled by Public Storage, PSA OP, and PSOC. 1 Self-storage Operations : We acquire, develop, own, and operate self-storage facilities, which offer storage spaces for lease on a month-to-month basis, for personal and business use. We are the largest owner of self-storage facilities in the United States ( U.S. ), with physical presence in most major markets and 40 states. We believe our scale, brand name, and technology platform afford us competitive advantages. At December 31, 2025, we held interests in and consolidated 3,171 self-storage facilities (an aggregate of 229 million net rentable square feet of space) operating under the Public Storage name. Other Operations: We manage insurance programs whereby tenants at our facilities, including those we manage for third parties, have the option of purchasing insurance from a non-affiliated insurance company to cover certain losses to their stored goods. A wholly-owned, consolidated subsidiary of Public Storage fully reinsures these policies and thereby assumes all risk of losses under the policies. This subsidiary receives from the non-affiliated insurance company reinsurance premiums substantially equal to the premiums collected from our tenants. These policies cover claims for losses related to specified events up to a maximum limit of $5,000 per storage unit. We reinsure all risks in this program but purchase insurance from an independent third-party insurer to cover this exposure for a limit of $15.0 million for losses in excess of $10.0 million per occurrence. At December 31, 2025, there were approximately 1.5 million certificates of insurance held by participating self-storage tenants, representing aggregate coverage of approximately $7.2 billion. At December 31, 2025, we managed 362 facilities for third parties (with approximately 28.2 million net rentable square feet), and were under contract to manage 84 additional facilities including 78 facilities that are currently under construction. We also offer merchandise for sale at our self-storage facilities, primarily consisting of locks and cardboard boxes, to support customers storage needs. We implemented a lending program in 2024, under which we provide bridge lending financing to third-party self-storage owners for operating properties that we manage. We generally originate bridge loans that are collateralized by operating self-storage properties, have a term of three or four years with two one-year extensions, and have variable interest rates. At December 31, 2025, we had a bridge loan receivable balance of $142.1 million and unfunded loan commitments of $43.9 million, the closing of which is subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions. We hold a 35% interest in Shurgard Self Storage Limited ( Shurgard ). Shurgard is a public company traded on Euronext Brussels under the SHUR symbol. At December 31, 2025, Shurgard owned and operated 332 self-storage facilities (18 million net rentable square feet) located in seven countries in Western Europe under the Shurgard name. For all periods presented herein, we have elected to be treated as a REIT, as defined in the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ). For each taxable year in which we qualify for taxation as a REIT, we will not be subject to U.S. federal corporate income tax on our REIT taxable income (generally, taxable income subject to specified adjustments, including a deduction for dividends paid and excluding our net capital gain) that is distributed to our shareholders. We believe we met these requirements in all periods presented herein and we expect to continue to qualify as a REIT. We file annually with the SEC annual reports on Form 10-K, which include consolidated financial statements certified by our independent registered public accountants. We also file quarterly with the SEC quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, which include unaudited consolidated financial statements. We expect to continue such reporting. On our website, www.publicstorage.com, we make available, free of charge, our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, definitive proxy statements, and other reports required to be filed with or furnished to the SEC, as well as all supplements and amendments to those filings, as soon as reasonably practicable after the filings, supplements, and amendments are electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. The information contained on our website is not a part of, or incorporated by reference into, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 2 Competition Ownership and operation of self-storage facilities is highly fragmented. As the largest owner of self-storage facilities, we believe that we own approximately 9% of the self-storage square footage in the U.S. and that collectively the four largest self-storage owners in the U.S. own approximately 22%, with the remaining 78% owned by regional and local operators. We believe our Public Storage brand awareness, as well as the innovative improvements we have made to the customer experience described below, provide us with a competitive advantage in acquiring and retaining customers relative to other self-storage operators. Our facilities compete with nearby self-storage facilities owned by other operators, who use marketing channels, including internet advertising, signage, and banners, and offer services similar to ours. As a result, competition may be significant and can affect the occupancy levels, rental rates, rental income, and operating expenses of our facilities. However, we believe that the economies of scale inherent in this business allow us to operate self-storage facilities at a materially higher level of cash flow per square foot than other operators without our scale. Technology We believe technology enables improved customer experience, revenue optimization, and cost efficiencies. Over the past few years, we have invested in additional technologies that we believe have enabled us to operate and compete more effectively by providing customers with an enhanced digital experience. Convenient shopping experience: Customers can conveniently shop for available storage space, reviewing attributes such as facility location, size, amenities (such as climate-control), and pricing through the following marketing channels: Our Website: The online marketing channel is a key source of customers. We believe that many of our other customers who reserved directly through our customer care center or arrived at a facility and moved in without a reservation reviewed our pricing and availability online through our website. We seek to update the structure, layout, and content of our website regularly to enhance our placement in unpaid search in Google and related websites, to improve the efficiency of our bids in paid search campaigns and visibility on large language model platforms, and to maximize users likelihood of reserving space on our website. Our Customer Care Center: Our customer care center is staffed by skilled sales specialists and customer service representatives. Customers can reach our customer care center and complete their rental over the phone by calling our advertised toll-free telephone numbers provided on search engines, from our website, the Public Storage App, or from our in-store kiosks. We believe giving customers the option to interact with a live agent, despite the higher marginal cost relative to a reservation made on our website, enhances our ability to close sales with potential customers and results in greater satisfaction. We also have live Internet chat augmented with ChatBot/Virtual Agent capabilities as another channel for our customers to engage our agents, cost effectively improving customer responsiveness. Our Properties: Customers can also shop for available space at any one of our facilities. Property managers access the same information that is available on our website and to our customer care center agents and can inform the customer of available space at that site or at our other nearby storage facilities. Property managers are trained to maximize the conversion of such walk in shoppers into customers. eRental move-in process: To further enhance the move-in experience, we offer our eRental process whereby prospective tenants (including those who initially reserved a space) can execute their rental agreement from their smartphone or computer and then go directly to their space on the move-in date. Nearly three quarters of our new rental agreements were completed by customers using our eRental and Rent by Phone process during 2025. Public Storage App: We maintain an industry leading smartphone application. The Public Storage App provides our tenants with digital access to our properties, as well as payment and other account management functions. 3 Centralized information network: Our centralized reporting and information network enables us to identify changing market conditions and operating trends and analyze tenants data. Our network allows us to quickly change each of our individual property s pricing and promotions, drive marketing spending, such as the relative level of bidding for various paid search terms on paid search engines, and staff and respond to customer requests more timely. Growth and Investment Strategies Our ongoing growth strategies consist of: (i) improving the operating performance of our existing self-storage facilities, (ii) acquiring, expanding and developing facilities, and (iii) growing ancillary business activities including tenant reinsurance, third-party management services and our bridge lending program. While our long-term strategy includes each of these elements, in the short term the level of growth in our asset base in any period is dependent upon the cost and availability of capital, as well as the relative attractiveness of available investment alternatives. Improve the operating performance of existing facilities: We regularly update and enhance our strategies to increase the net cash flow of our existing self-storage facilities through maximizing revenues and controlling operating costs. We maximize revenues through striking the appropriate balance between occupancy and rates for new and existing tenants by regularly adjusting (i) our promotional and other discounts, (ii) the rental rates we charge to new and existing tenants, and (iii) our marketing spending and intensity. We adjust these pricing and marketing decisions by observing their impact on web and customer care center traffic, reservations, move-ins, move-outs, tenant length of stay, and other indicators of response. The size and scope of our operations have enabled us to achieve high operating margins and a low level of administrative costs relative to revenues through the centralization of many functions, such as facility maintenance, employee compensation and benefits programs, revenue management, and the development and documentation of standardized operating procedures. Acquire existing properties: We seek to capitalize on the fragmentation of the self-storage industry through acquiring attractively priced, well-located existing self-storage facilities. We believe our presence in and knowledge of substantially all of the major markets in the U.S. enhance our ability to identify attractive acquisition opportunities. Data on the rental rates and occupancy levels of our existing facilities provide us an advantage in evaluating the potential of acquisition opportunities. Our aggressiveness in bidding for marketed facilities depends upon many factors including the potential for future growth, the quality of construction and location, the cash flow we expect from the facility when operated on our platform, how well the facility fits into our current geographic footprint, and our return on capital expectations. Develop new self-storage facilities and expand existing facilities: The development of new self-storage locations and the expansion of existing facilities have been an important source of our growth. Our operating experience in major markets and experience in stabilizing new properties provide us advantages in developing new facilities. We plan to increase our development activity when we identify attractive risk adjusted return profiles with yields above those of acquisitions. However, our level of development is dependent upon many factors, including the cost and availability of land, the cost and availability of construction materials and labor, zoning and permitting limitations, our cost of capital, the cost of acquiring facilities relative to developing new facilities, and local demand and economic conditions. Grow ancillary business activities: We pursue growth initiatives aimed at increasing our insurance offering coverage for tenants who choose to protect their stored items against loss. Additionally, as we grow our self-storage portfolio through acquisition, development and third-party management, we have the opportunity to increase the growth profile of our tenant reinsurance business. Our third party management business enables us to generate revenues through management fees, expand our presence, increase our economies of scale, promote our brand, and enhance our ability to acquire additional facilities over the medium and long-term as a result of strategic relationships forged with third-party owners. We also provide bridge lending financing to third-party self-storage owners. This program not only enables us to earn interest and other fee income, but we also require the borrower to utilize our third party management program, resulting in additional income from managing the assets and tenant reinsurance. 4 Compliance with Government Regulations We are subject to various laws, ordinances, and regulations, including various federal, state, and local regulations that apply generally to the ownership of real property and the operation of self-storage facilities. These include various laws and regulations concerning environmental matters, pricing, labor matters, and employee safety and health matters. Further, our insurance activities are subject to state insurance laws and regulations as determined by the insurance commission for each state in accordance with certain federal regulations. We are committed to a long-term environmental stewardship program that reduces emissions of hazardous materials into the environment and the remediation of identified existing environmental concerns, including environmentally friendly capital initiatives and building and operating properties with high structural resilience and low obsolescence. We accrue environmental assessments and estimated remediation costs when it is probable that such efforts will be required and the related costs can be reasonably estimated. Our current practice is to conduct environmental investigations in connection with property acquisitions. Although there can be no assurance, we are not aware of any environmental contamination of any of our facilities that individually or in the aggregate would be material to our overall business, financial condition, or results of operations. Refer to Item 1A, Risk Factors below for a discussion of certain risks related to government regulations, including risks related to environmental regulations, emergency regulations adopted in response to wildfires, flooding, or public health crises that restrict access to our facilities or the rents we can charge our customers, wage regulations, income tax regulations including relating to REIT qualification, and property tax regulations. Aside from the regulations discussed therein, we are not aware of any government regulations that have resulted or that we expect will result in compliance costs that had or will have a material effect on our capital expenditures, earnings, or competitive position. Human Capital Resources Our employees are the cornerstone of our business and critical to our ability to execute corporate strategies and deliver long-term value for our stakeholders. Our human capital management strategy focuses on attracting, developing, and retaining exceptional talent. We accomplish this by committing to our employees to foster a diverse and inclusive workplace, maintain transparent communication, offer competitive compensation and comprehensive benefits, and provide robust opportunities for career growth and professional development. Guided by our core principles of doing the right thing and upholding integrity in all that we do, we believe this approach strengthens employee engagement and commitment to Public Storage. We have approximately 5,770 employees, including 4,920 customer facing roles (such as property level and customer care center personnel), 410 field management employees, and 440 employees in our corporate operations. The following is an overview of our key programs and initiatives aimed at attracting, developing, and retaining top talent. For comprehensive details on these programs, including our sustainability efforts, strategies, commitments, and progress, please refer to our 2025 Sustainability Report, which is available on our website at publicstorage.com. Information contained on our website, including such report, is not part of, nor incorporated by reference into, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Inclusive Culture We are committed to fostering a workplace that values individuals from diverse backgrounds, where every employee feels valued and able to bring their authentic self to our best-in-class team. Public Storage hires based on skills, experience, and character, without regard to age, gender, race, ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation, or any other protected characteristic. We maintain policies regarding equal opportunity, pay-for-performance, discrimination, harassment, and labor (including opposition to child and compulsory labor). Our dedication to excellence and hiring top talent has cultivated an inclusive workforce that reflects the diversity of the customers we serve. 5 Communication and Engagement Given the geographically dispersed nature of our business, maintaining clear and consistent communication is essential to ensuring employees feel informed, included, and engaged. We leverage multiple communication channels, including email, newsletters, videos, virtual and in-person meetings, and town halls, to share updates on company strategy, performance, employee recognition, and other key information. We also provide opportunities for employees to engage directly with leadership. To measure the effectiveness of our engagement strategies, we conduct regular surveys to assess employee commitment, motivation, and overall engagement, as well as to gather feedback. We use this feedback to refine and enhance our policies and programs, including to expand opportunities for career development and advancement. We believe that the success of our engagement strategies can also be seen through third party surveys and recognition. In 2025, we were proud to be named a Great Place to Work for the fourth year in a row and recognized by Comparably, Inc. as a Choice Employer with an A+ Culture Score based on employee feedback across 18 culture metrics, among other recognitions. Compensation, Health, Wellness, and Safety Public Storage offers comprehensive compensation and benefits programs designed to incentivize, reward, and support our employees. We believe compensation should align with both short and long-term performance objectives while remaining competitive to attract, motivate, and retain the talent essential to our success. Our compensation programs are tailored to specific job groups to ensure market competitiveness and strengthen overall engagement. Our benefits program offers flexibility, affordability, and meaningful support, enabling employees to choose options that best fit their lives and goals. Full-time employees have access to a comprehensive suite of benefits, including medical, dental, and vision coverage, flexible spending and health savings accounts, income protection plans, and retirement benefits through our 401(k) plan. We complement these with employee support programs, including mental health, life planning tools, and discount programs for fitness, legal services, and home, auto, and pet insurance. We continuously evaluate feedback from our team to refine and enhance our offerings, ensuring they reflect both the changing needs of our workforce and our dedication to fostering a positive, healthy work environment. We are committed to providing safe self-storage facilities for both customers and employees. To uphold this commitment, we conduct monthly safety training at all properties and annual safety training at our corporate headquarters. In addition, we publicly disclose employee health and safety data in our annual Sustainability Report. Training and Development At Public Storage, we recognize that our people are the foundation of our success. To support their growth and engagement, we provide comprehensive training and development programs across all levels of the organization. These programs are designed to equip employees with the skills, tools, and knowledge essential for success, while promoting personal growth and supporting long-term career progression. Most new hires join Public Storage as Property Managers without prior experience in the self-storage industry. To support their success, we provide a hands-on onboarding program that includes coaching and development. For employees joining in leadership roles, we offer property-level training designed to immerse them in daily operations and build a strong understanding of our business fundamentals. Beyond onboarding, we provide extensive career development opportunities for existing employees, including management training programs that create pathways for advancement into leadership roles. Many of these programs leverage our online learning platform, which provides a wide range of courses and reference materials for continuous learning. In addition to formal programs, we emphasize personalized development through one-on-one coaching, job shadowing, and mentoring opportunities, reinforcing our commitment to employee growth and engagement across all levels of the organization. 6 Performance Management and Succession Planning Our performance management process is designed to foster collaboration between employees and their managers. Together, they plan, monitor, and review objectives and professional growth goals, establishing accountability for short and long-term goals aligned with the Company s strategy. This continuous process provides regular opportunities for feedback and dialogue to support employee development. Succession planning remains a priority for management and the Board, and is considered critical to ensuring business continuity and supporting long-term growth. Throughout the year, the executive team reviews the Company s succession bench strength, evaluates talent, and recommends strategies to develop and prepare future leaders. This proactive approach to talent management is designed to provide employees with opportunities to grow beyond their current roles and responsibilities, strengthening our leadership pipeline and enhancing the Company s long-term stability and adaptability. Climate Change and Environmental Stewardship We are committed to managing climate-related risks and opportunities. Our goal is to operate in a responsible and sustainable manner that aligns with our long-term corporate strategy and promotes our best interests along with those of our stakeholders, including our customers, investors, employees, and the communities in which we do business. Our management Sustainability Committee guides our commitment to sustainability and has primary responsibility for climate-related activities. The Sustainability Committee reports to our Board and its committees, which oversee all of our sustainability initiatives. We consider potential environmental impacts both positive and negative in our decision making across the business. We measure and monitor our environmental impact and leverage sustainability measures to reduce this impact while achieving cost efficiencies in our operations by implementing a range of energy, water, and waste management initiatives. Regarding climate, we assess risks and opportunities in conjunction with ongoing operating and risk management processes across the company. We give primary consideration to physical, regulatory, legal, market, and reputational risks. Examples of these risks include heat/water stress, natural disasters, pandemics, temperature change, and regulatory compliance. We are addressing potential heat stress risks (e.g., higher energy costs, more frequent power outages, and impacts on our customers and workforce) through initiatives such as converting to LED lighting, efficient HVAC, and solar power generation installation. We are addressing potential water stress risks (e.g., increased costs and decreased availability) through initiatives such as efficient plumbing systems, low-water use irrigation systems, drought tolerant and native landscaping, water run-off controls, and storm water retention. We address the remaining risks primarily through natural disaster resilient development, redevelopment, and capital expenditures. We have established a greenhouse gas reduction goal which is described in our 2025 Sustainability Report, which is available on our website at publicstorage.com. The information contained on our website, including such report, is not a part of, or incorporated by reference into, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We will continue to utilize our unique competitive advantages in furthering our environmental stewardship efforts and addressing the effects of climate change. Please refer to our Sustainability Report for further information. Seasonality We experience minor seasonal fluctuations in the demand for self-storage space, with demand and rental rates generally higher in the summer months than in the winter months. We believe that these fluctuations result in part from increased moving activity during the summer months. 7 ITEM 1A. Risk Factors In addition to the other information in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, you should consider the risks described below that we believe may be material to investors in evaluating the Company. This section contains forward-looking statements, and in considering these statements, you should refer to the qualifications and limitations on our forward-looking statements that are described in Item 1. Business. Risks Related to Our Properties and Our Business Natural disasters, terrorist attacks, civil unrest, or other events that could damage or otherwise disrupt our ability to operate our facilities could adversely impact our business and financial results. Natural disasters, such as earthquakes, fires, hurricanes, drought, extreme temperatures and floods, terrorist attacks, civil unrest, and other events that damage our facilities or our tenants property, or that make our facilities temporarily unavailable, have in the past and may in the future adversely impact our business and financial results. Damage and business interruption losses could exceed the aggregate limits of our insurance coverage. In addition, because we self-insure a portion of our risks, losses below a certain level may not be covered by insurance. See Note 16 to our December 31, 2025 consolidated financial statements for a description of the risks of losses that are not covered by third-party insurance contracts. Our exposure to these types of events is increased by potential tenant claims associated with our tenant reinsurance business. In addition, perceptions about the risk of property loss from these events could negatively impact self-storage demand. Operating costs, including property taxes, could increase. We could be subject to increases in property or other taxes, repair and maintenance costs, payroll, utility costs, insurance premiums, workers compensation, and other operating expenses due to various factors such as inflation, labor shortages, commodity and energy price increases, weather, increases to minimum wage rates, supply chain disruptions, and changes to governmental safety and real estate use limitations and other governmental actions. Our property tax expense, generally depends upon the assessed value of our real estate facilities as determined by assessors and government agencies and, accordingly, could be subject to substantial increases if such agencies change their valuation approaches or opinions or if new laws are enacted, especially if new approaches are adopted or laws are enacted that result in increased property tax assessments in states or geographies where we have a high concentration of facilities. See also We have exposure to increased property tax in California below. The acquisition of existing properties or self-storage operating companies is subject to risks that may adversely affect our growth and financial results. We have acquired self-storage facilities and self-storage operating companies in the past, and we expect to continue to do so in the future. We face significant competition for suitable acquisition properties and companies from other real estate investors, including operating companies and private equity funds. As a result, we may be unable to acquire the companies or additional properties we desire or the purchase price for desirable companies or properties may be significantly increased. Failures or unexpected circumstances in integrating facilities or companies that we acquire, or circumstances we did not detect or anticipate during due diligence, such as environmental matters, needed repairs or deferred maintenance, customer collection issues, assumed liabilities, turnover of critical personnel involved in acquired operating companies, or the effects of increased property tax following reassessment of a newly-acquired property, as well as the general risks of real estate investment and mergers and acquisitions, could jeopardize realization of the anticipated earnings from an acquisition. Our development program subjects us to risks. There are significant risks involved in developing self-storage facilities, such as delays, cost increases, or inability to complete development projects due to changes in or failure to meet government or regulatory requirements, failure of revenue to meet our underwriting estimates, delays caused by weather issues, unforeseen site conditions, or personnel problems. Self-storage space is generally not pre-leased, and rent-up of newly developed space can be delayed or ongoing cash flow yields can be reduced due to competition, reductions in storage demand, or other factors. 8 There is significant competition among self-storage operators and from other storage alternatives. Our self-storage facilities generate most of our revenue and earnings. Significant competition from self-storage operators, property developers, and other storage alternatives may adversely impact our ability to attract and retain customers and may negatively impact our ability to generate revenue. Competition in the local market areas in which many of our properties are located is significant and affects our occupancy levels, rental rates, and operating expenses, particularly advertising costs. There may be an increasing influx of capital from outside financing sources driving more money, development, and supply into the industry. Development of self-storage facilities may increase, which may intensify competition as newly developed facilities are opened. Development of self-storage facilities by other operators could increase, due to increases in availability of funds for investment or other reasons, and further intensify competition. Demand for self-storage facilities may be affected by customer perceptions and factors outside of our control. Significantly lower logistics costs could introduce new competitors, such as valet-style storage services, which may reduce the demand for traditional self-storage. Customer preferences and/or needs for self-storage could change, decline, or shift to other product types, thereby impacting our business model and ability to grow and/or generate revenues. Shifts in population and demographics could cause the geographical distribution of our portfolio to be suboptimal and affect our ability to maintain occupancy and attract new customers. Security incidents could result in the perception that our properties are not safe. If our customers do not feel our properties are safe, they may select competitors for their self-storage needs, or if there is an industry perception of inadequate security generally, customer use of self-storage could be negatively impacted. Our newly developed and expanded facilities, and facilities that we manage for third party owners, may negatively impact the revenues of our legacy facilities. We continue to develop new self-storage facilities and expand our existing self-storage facilities. In addition, we are seeking to increase the number of self-storage facilities that we manage for third party owners in exchange for a fee, many of which are in the process of stabilization and are near our existing stabilized self-storage facilities. In order to hasten the fill-up of these new facilities, we aggressively price such space during the fill-up period. While we believe that this aggressive pricing allows us to increase our market share relative to our competitors and increase the cash flows of these properties, such pricing and the added capacity may also negatively impact our existing stabilized self-storage facilities that are near these unstabilized facilities. We may incur significant liabilities from environmental contamination or moisture infiltration. Existing or future laws impose or may impose liability on us to clean up environmental contamination on or around properties that we currently or previously owned or operated, even if we were not responsible for or aware of the environmental contamination or even if such environmental contamination occurred prior to our involvement with the property. We have conducted preliminary environmental assessments on most of our properties, which have not identified any material liabilities. These assessments, commonly referred to as Phase 1 Environmental Assessments, include an investigation (excluding soil or groundwater sampling or analysis) and a review of publicly available information regarding the site and other nearby properties. We are also subject to potential liability relating to moisture infiltration, which can result in mold or other damage to our or our customers property, as well as potential health concerns. When we receive a complaint or otherwise become aware that an air quality concern exists, we implement corrective measures and seek to work proactively with our customers to resolve issues, subject to our contractual limitations on liability for such claims. We are not aware of any environmental contamination or moisture infiltration related liabilities at any of our properties that could be material to our overall business, financial condition, or results of operation. However, we may not have detected all material liabilities, we could acquire properties with material undetected liabilities, or new conditions could arise or develop at our properties, any of which could result in a cash settlement or adversely affect our ability to sell, lease, operate, or encumber affected facilities. 9 Elevated interest rate levels could adversely impact us and our tenants. Interest rates remain elevated compared to recent years. As a result, if we issued new debt or preferred shares or refinanced our indebtedness, our debt service costs or preferred share dividend yields would likely be, based on current interest rates, significantly higher than current financing costs. Elevated interest rates also adversely impact the relative attractiveness of the dividend yield on our common shares. Increases in our cost of capital impact our assessment of the yields we consider appropriate to support pursuing property acquisition and development opportunities and thus can impact our external growth prospects. The degree and pace of these changes have had and may continue to have adverse macroeconomic effects that have and may continue to have adverse impacts on our tenants, including as a result of economic recession, increased unemployment, and increased financing costs. For more information on interest rate risk, see Part II, Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk . Economic conditions can adversely affect our business, financial condition, and growth. Economic downturns or adverse economic or industry conditions, including those related to high levels of inflation, could adversely impact our financial results, growth, and access to capital. Our revenues and operating cash flow can be negatively impacted by reductions in employment and population levels, household and disposable income, and other general economic factors that lead to a reduction in demand for self-storage space in each of the markets in which we operate. We have exposure to European operations through our ownership in Shurgard. Shurgard, as an owner, operator, and developer of self-storage facilities, is subject to many of the same risks we are with respect to self-storage. However, through our investment in Shurgard, we are exposed to additional risks unique to the various European markets in which Shurgard operates, which may adversely impact our business and financial results, and many of which are referred to in Shurgard s public filings. These risks include the following: Currency risks: Currency fluctuations can impact the fair value of our investment in Shurgard, our equity earnings, our ongoing dividends, and any other related repatriations of cash. Legislative, tax, and regulatory risks: Shurgard is subject to a variety of local, national, and pan-European laws and regulations related to permitting and land use, the environment, labor, and other areas, as well as income, property, sales, and value added and employment tax. These laws and regulations can be difficult to apply or interpret, can vary in each country or locality, and are subject to unexpected changes in their form and application due to regional, national, or local political uncertainty and other factors. Such changes, or Shurgard s failure to comply with these laws, could subject it to penalties or other sanctions, adverse changes in business processes, and, potentially, adverse income tax, property tax, or other tax burdens. Impediments to capital repatriation could negatively impact the realization of our investment in Shurgard: Laws in Europe and the U.S. may create, impede, or increase our cost to repatriate distributions received from Shurgard or proceeds from the sale of Shurgard shares. Risks of collective bargaining: Collective bargaining, which is prevalent in certain areas in Europe, could negatively impact Shurgard s labor costs or operations. Many of Shurgard s employees participate in various national unions. Potential operating and individual country risks: Economic slowdowns or extraordinary political or social change in the countries in which it operates have posed, and could continue to pose, challenges or result in future reductions of Shurgard s operating cash flows. Liquidity of our ownership stake: We have no plans to liquidate our interest in Shurgard. However, while Shurgard is a publicly held entity, if we chose to, our ability to liquidate our shares in Shurgard in an efficient manner could be limited by the level of Shurgard s public float relative to any ownership stake we sought to sell. Our existing relationship with our legacy joint venture partner may place further contractual limitations on our ability to sell all of the shares we own if we desired to do so. 10 Impediments of Shurgard s public ownership structure: Shurgard s strategic decisions, involving activities such as borrowing money, capital contributions, raising capital from third parties, and selling or acquiring significant assets, are determined by its board of directors. As a result, Shurgard may be precluded from taking advantage of opportunities that we would find attractive but that we may not be able to pursue separately, or it could take actions that we do not agree with. Public health and other crises have adversely impacted, and may in the future adversely impact, our business. Our business is subject to risks from public health and other crises like the COVID-19 pandemic, including, among others: risk of illness or death of our employees or tenants; negative impacts on economic conditions in our markets, which may reduce the demand for self-storage; risk that there could be an out-migration of population from major markets where we operate; government restrictions that (i) limit or prevent use of our facilities, (ii) limit our ability to increase rent or otherwise limit the rent we can charge, (iii) limit our ability to collect rent or evict delinquent tenants, or (iv) limit our ability to complete development and redevelopment projects; risk that we could experience a change in the move-out patterns of our long-term tenants due to economic uncertainty and increases in unemployment, which could lead to lower occupancies and rent roll down as long-term tenants are replaced with new tenants at lower rates; and risk of negative impacts on the cost and availability of debt and equity capital, which could have a material impact upon our capital and growth plans. Local, state, and federal governments have and may in the future adopt regulations that could adversely impact our operations. Local, state, and federal governments have and may in the future adopt regulations that could adversely impact our operations, including in response to natural disasters and public health crises. For example, in response to wildfires in 2018, 2019, and early 2025 and floods in 2023, the State of California and some localities in California adopted temporary regulations that imposed certain limits on the rents we could charge at certain of our facilities and the extent to which we could increase rents to existing tenants. Similarly, in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, certain localities adopted restrictions on the use of certain of our facilities, limited our ability to increase rents, limited our ability to collect rent or evict delinquent tenants, and limited our ability to complete development and redevelopment projects. California and other jurisdictions have also adopted regulations restricting our operations relating to pricing methodologies, restrictions on fees, procedures for selling stored property of delinquent tenants, marketing restrictions related to price changes and promotional rates, zoning restrictions and other matters. Similar restrictions could be imposed in the future, including in response to significant events and these restrictions could adversely impact our operations. Our marketing and pricing strategies may fail to be effective or may be constrained by factors outside of our control. Marketing initiatives, including our increasing dependence on Google to source customers, may fail to be effective and could negatively impact financial performance. More than half of our new storage customers in 2025 were sourced directly or indirectly through unpaid search and paid search campaigns on Google. We believe that the vast majority of customers searching for self-storage use Google at some stage in their shopping experience. Google is providing tools to allow smaller and less sophisticated operators to bid for search terms, increasing competition for self-storage search terms. The predominance of Google in the shopping experience, as well as Google s enabling of additional competitors to bid for placements in self-storage search terms, may reduce the number of new customers that we can procure, and/or increase our costs to obtain new customers. In addition, the inability to utilize our pricing methodology due to regulatory or market constraints could also significantly impact our financial results. 11 We are exposed to ongoing litigation and other legal and regulatory actions, which may divert management s time and attention, require us to pay damages and expenses or restrict the operation of our business. We are subject to the risk of legal claims and proceedings (including class actions) and regulatory enforcement actions across many jurisdictions in the ordinary course of our business and otherwise, and we could incur significant liabilities and substantial legal fees from these actions. Resolution of these claims and actions may divert time and attention of our management and could involve payment of damages or expenses by us, all of which may be significant, and could damage our reputation and our brand. In addition, any such resolution could involve our agreement to terms that restrict the operation of our business. The results of legal proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty. We cannot guarantee that losses incurred in connection with any current or future legal or regulatory proceedings or actions will not exceed any provisions we may have set aside in respect of such proceedings or actions or any available insurance coverage. Any such legal claims, proceedings, and regulatory enforcement actions could negatively impact our operating results, cash flow available for distribution or reinvestment, and/or the price of our common shares. Our use of or failure to adopt advancements in information technology, such as artificial intelligence, may hinder or prevent us from achieving strategic objectives or otherwise harm our business. Our use of or inability to safely and effectively adopt and deliver new technological capabilities and enhancements in line with strategic objectives, including artificial intelligence and machine learning, may put us at a competitive disadvantage; cause us to miss opportunities to innovate, achieve efficiencies, or improve the customer experience; or adversely impact our business, reputation, results of operations, and financial condition. For example, we have begun to utilize artificial intelligence technologies in various aspects of our business, which are susceptible to errors and other malfunctions which could lead to operational challenges and reputational risks. Legislative and regulatory activity related to information technology, including related to privacy, may also result in new laws that are applicable to us and that may hinder our business, including by restricting our use of customer data or otherwise regulating the use of algorithms and automated processing in ways that could materially affect our business or lead to significant increases in the cost of compliance. In addition, the use of emerging technologies, including artificial intelligence, entails risks including risks relating to the possibility of intellectual property infringement or misappropriation; data privacy; quality control related to artificial intelligence outputs; new or enhanced governmental or regulatory scrutiny, requirements, litigation, or other liability; ethical concerns; negative consumer perceptions as to automation and artificial intelligence; or other complications or liabilities that could adversely affect our business, reputation, results of operations, or financial results. Although we have adopted policies with respect to these risks, including related to the development, deployment and monitoring of artificial intelligence tools, we cannot be certain that such policies will be effective. The failure or disruption of our computer and communications systems, on which we are heavily dependent, could significantly harm our business. We are heavily dependent upon automated information technology and Internet commerce, with more than half of our new customers coming from the telephone or over the Internet. We centrally manage significant components of our operations with our computer systems, including our financial information, and we also rely extensively on third-party vendors to retain data, process transactions, and provide other systems services. These systems are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, system, network, internet and telecommunications failures, hackers, including through a ransomware attack, computer worms, viruses, and other destructive or disruptive cybersecurity incidents, and catastrophic events. Such incidents could also result in significant costs to repair or replace such networks or information systems, as well as actual monetary losses in case of a cybersecurity incident that resulted in fraudulent payments or other cash transactions. Our operations could be severely impacted by a natural disaster, terrorist attack, attack by hackers, acts of vandalism, data theft, misplaced or lost data, programming or human error, or other circumstance that results in a significant outage of our systems or those of our third party providers, despite our use of back up and redundancy measures. While we may be entitled to damages if our third-party providers fail to satisfy their security-related obligations to us, any award may be insufficient to cover our damages, or we may be unable to recover such award. 12 If our confidential information is compromised or corrupted, including as a result of a cybersecurity incident, our reputation and business relationships could be damaged and our financial condition and operating results could be adversely affected. In the ordinary course of our business we acquire and store sensitive data, including personally identifiable information of our prospective and current customers and our employees. The secure processing and maintenance of this information is critical to our operations and business strategy. Although we believe we and our third-party service providers have taken commercially reasonable steps to protect the security of our confidential information, information security risks have generally increased in recent years due to the rise in new technologies and the increased sophistication and activities of perpetrators of cyberattacks. Further, new technologies such as artificial intelligence may be more capable at evading these safeguard measures. Despite our security measures, we face cybersecurity threats, including system, network, or Internet failures; cyberattacks, ransomware, and other malware; social engineering; and phishing schemes. In these cases, our information technology and infrastructure could be vulnerable and our or our customers or employees confidential information could be compromised or misappropriated. Any such cybersecurity incident, including those impacting personal information, could result in serious and harmful consequences for us or our customers. A cybersecurity incident could also interfere with our ability to comply with financial reporting requirements. Additionally, future or past business transactions (such as acquisitions or integrations) could expose us to additional cybersecurity risks and threats, as our systems could be negatively affected by vulnerabilities present in acquired or integrated entities systems and technologies. Furthermore, we may discover security issues that were not found during due diligence of such acquired or integrated entities, and it may be difficult to integrate companies into our information technology environment and security program. Our confidential information may also be compromised due to programming or human error, negligence, or fraud. Although we and our third-party service providers make efforts to maintain the security and integrity of our information, including the implementation of security measures, required employee awareness training, and the existence of a disaster recovery plan, there is no guarantee that they will be adequate to safeguard against all cybersecurity incidents or misuses of data. In addition, as the regulatory environment related to information security, data collection and use, and privacy becomes increasingly rigorous, with new and changing requirements applicable to our business from multiple regulatory agencies at the local, state, federal, or international level, compliance with those requirements could also result in additional costs, or we could fail to comply with those requirements due to various reasons. Any such access, disclosure, or other loss of information could result in legal claims or proceedings, liability under laws that protect the privacy of personal information, regulatory penalties, disruption to our operations and the services we provide to customers, or damage to our reputation, any of which could adversely affect our results of operations, reputation, and competitive position. In addition, our customers could lose confidence in our ability to protect their personal information, which could cause them to discontinue leasing our self-storage facilities. Such events could lead to lost future revenues and adversely affect our results of operations, or result in remedial and other costs, fines, or lawsuits, which could exceed any available insurance that we have procured. We have identified and expect to continue to identify cyberattacks and cybersecurity incidents on our systems and those of third parties we rely upon, but none of the cyberattacks and incidents we have identified to date has had a material impact on our business or operations. While we have purchased cybersecurity insurance, there are no assurances that the coverage would be adequate in relation to any incurred losses. Moreover, as cyberattacks increase in frequency and magnitude, we may be unable to obtain cybersecurity insurance in amounts and on terms we view as adequate for our operations. Further information relating to cybersecurity risk management is discussed in Item 1C. Cybersecurity in this report. If we fail to successfully execute our recent leadership succession, we may struggle to effectively execute our strategic plan. We recently announced leadership changes, including a change in our Chairman of the Board, our President and Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer. Although these changes were made pursuant to the Board s succession planning efforts, there is no guarantee that the transition to new leadership will be executed successfully. Failure to successfully implement these successions may result in disruptions in the execution of our strategic plan. Failure to successfully implement future succession plans for other key employees may leave us vulnerable to retirements and turnover. 13 We may be harmed if we fail to protect our intellectual property adequately. We maintain a portfolio of trademarks and trade dress that we believe are fundamental to the success of the Public Storage brand. While we actively seek to enforce and protect our rights, failure to adequately protect our rights could lead to loss of such trademark and trade dress protection. We also own and may seek to protect other intellectual property, such as propriety systems, processes, data, and other trade secrets that we have collected and developed in the course of operating our business and that we believe provides us with various competitive advantages. Our protections could be inadequate or we could lose rights to our other intellectual property and trade secrets. Competitor use of our trademarks and trade names could lead to likelihood of confusion, tarnishment of our brand, and loss of legal protection for our marks. We may be subject to labor disruptions related to unionization efforts. Our employees have been and may in the future be subject to unionization efforts. These activities could lead to labor disruptions which could adversely impact our ability to operate our business and could negatively impact our reputation. In addition, these activities could result in collective bargaining agreements, which could result in increased operating and legal costs. We may record losses as a result of the bankruptcy, insolvency, or other credit failure of the borrowers under our bridge lending financing program. In that case, our revenues and results of operations may be materially and adversely impacted. Although we conduct due diligence and aim to carefully evaluate the risks associated with this debt and other investments, we could incur losses from our lending decisions, which includes subjective and complex judgments and forecasts of economic conditions and how these economic predictions might impair the ability of our borrowers to operate their business and/or make all required payments. For example, volatility of the capital and credit markets, increased interest rates, lower demand for self-storage and general economic conditions may adversely affect the solvency, creditworthiness or operations of our borrowers. If our forecasts prove incorrect, or if any of our borrowers fail to perform as expected, we may incur losses from these bridge loans which could have a material adverse effect on our operating revenue and results of operations. Risks Related to Our Ownership, Organization and Structure Takeover attempts or changes in control could be thwarted, even if beneficial to shareholders. In certain circumstances, shareholders might desire a change in control or acquisition of us in order to realize a premium over the then-prevailing market price of our shares or for other reasons. However, the following could prevent, deter, or delay such a transaction: Provisions of Maryland law may impose limitations that may make it more difficult for a third party to negotiate or effect a business combination transaction or control share acquisition with Public Storage. Currently, our Board has opted not to subject the Company to these provisions of Maryland law, but it could choose to do so in the future without shareholder approval. To protect against the loss of our REIT status due to concentration of ownership levels, our declaration of trust generally limits the ability of a person, other than the Hughes family or designated investment entities (each as defined in our declaration of trust), to own, actually or constructively, more than 3% of our outstanding common shares or 9.9% of the outstanding shares of any class or series of preferred or equity shares. Our Board may grant, and has previously granted, a specific exemption. These limits could discourage, delay, or prevent a transaction involving a change in control of the Company not approved by our Board. Similarly, current provisions of our declaration of trust and powers of our Board could have the same effect, including (1) limitations on removal of trustees, (2) restrictions on the acquisition of our shares of beneficial interest, (3) the power to issue additional common shares, preferred shares, or equity shares on terms approved by our Board without obtaining shareholder approval, (4) the advance notice provisions of our bylaws, and (5) our Board s ability under Maryland law, without obtaining shareholder approval, to implement takeover defenses that we may not yet have and to take, or refrain from taking, other actions that could have the effect of delaying, deterring, or preventing a transaction or a change in control. 14 Holders of our preferred shares have dividend, liquidation, and other rights that are senior to the rights of the holders of our common shares. Holders of our preferred shares are entitled to cumulative dividends before any dividends may be declared or set aside on our common shares. Upon liquidation, holders of our preferred shares will receive a liquidation preference of $25,000 per share (or $ 25.00 per depositary share) plus any accrued and unpaid distributions before any payment is made to the common shareholders. These preferences may limit the amount received by our common shareholders either from ongoing distributions or upon liquidation. In addition, our preferred shareholders have the right to elect two additional directors to our Board whenever dividends are in arrears in an aggregate amount equivalent to six or more quarterly dividends, whether or not consecutive. Public Storage is a holding company with no direct operations, and it relies on funds received from PSA OP and PSOC to pay its obligations and make distributions to shareholders Public Storage is a holding company with no direct operations. All of Public Storage s property ownership, development, and related business operations are conducted through PSOC (which is wholly-owned by PSA OP) and Public Storage has no material assets or liabilities other than its investment in PSA OP. As a result, Public Storage relies on distributions from PSA OP, which in turn relies on distributions from PSOC, to make common and preferred share dividend payments. Although Public Storage exercises control over PSA OP and PSOC, including the authority to cause PSA OP and PSOC to make distributions, in connection with our future acquisition activities or otherwise, PSA OP may issue additional units of limited partnership to third parties, and these limited partners may negotiate for certain rights. In addition, because Public Storage is a holding company, shareholder claims are structurally subordinated to all existing and future liabilities of PSA OP and PSOC and their subsidiaries. Therefore, in the event of a bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or reorganization of PSA OP or PSOC, or their subsidiaries, assets of PSA OP or PSOC or the applicable subsidiary will be available to satisfy any claims of our shareholders only after such liabilities and obligations have been satisfied in full. Holders of our preferred shares are subject to certain risks. Holders of our preferred shares have preference rights over our common shareholders with respect to liquidation and distributions, which give them some assurance of continued payment of their stated dividend rate, and receipt of their principal upon liquidation of the Company or redemption of their securities. However, holders of our preferred shares should consider the following risks: The Company has in the past, and could in the future, issue or assume additional debt. Preferred shareholders would be subordinated to the interest and principal payments of such debt, which would increase the risk that there would not be sufficient funds to pay distributions or liquidation amounts to the preferred shareholders. The Company has in the past, and could in the future, issue additional preferred shares that, while pari passu to the existing preferred shares, increases the risk that there would not be sufficient funds to pay distributions to the preferred shareholders. While the Company has no plans to do so, if the Company were to lose its REIT status or no longer elect REIT status, it would no longer be required to distribute its taxable income to maintain REIT status. If, in such a circumstance, the Company ceased paying dividends, unpaid distributions to the preferred shareholders would continue to accumulate. The preferred shareholders would have the ability to elect two additional members to serve on our Board until the arrearage was cured. The preferred shareholders would not receive any compensation (such as interest) for the delay in the receipt of distributions, and it is possible that the arrearage could accumulate indefinitely. Holders of our Preferred Shares have limited rights in the event the Company ceases to pay dividends to shareholders and have no rights with respect to a Company decision to discontinue listing the Preferred Shares on a national securities exchange or file reports with the SEC, including following a change of control transaction. 15 Risks Related to Government Regulations and Taxation We would incur adverse tax consequences if we failed to qualify as a REIT, and we would have to pay substantial U.S. federal corporate income taxes. REITs are subject to a range of complex organizational and operational requirements. A qualifying REIT does not generally incur U.S. federal corporate income tax on its REIT taxable income (generally, taxable income subject to specified adjustments, including a deduction for dividends paid and excluding net capital gain) that it distributes to its shareholders. Our REIT status is also dependent upon the REIT qualification of PS Business Parks, Inc. ( PSB ) through the end of its taxable year ended December 31, 2022, as a result of our substantial ownership interest in it prior to the closing of the PSB merger with an unaffiliated third party. We believe we have qualified as a REIT and we intend to continue to maintain our REIT status. However, there can be no assurance that we qualify or will continue to qualify as a REIT, because of the highly technical nature of the REIT rules, the ongoing importance of factual determinations, the possibility of unidentified issues in prior periods, or changes in our circumstances, as well as share ownership limits in our declaration of trust that may fail to ensure that our shareholder base is sufficiently diverse for us to qualify as a REIT. For any year we fail to qualify as a REIT, unless certain relief provisions apply (the granting of such relief could nonetheless result in significant excise or penalty taxes), we would not be allowed a deduction for dividends paid, we would be subject to U.S. federal corporate income tax on our taxable income, and generally we would not be allowed to elect REIT status until the fifth year after such a disqualification. In addition, for tax years beginning after December 31, 2022, we could also be subject to certain taxes enacted by the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 that are applicable to non-REIT corporations, including the corporate alternative minimum tax and nondeductible one percent excise tax on certain stock repurchases. Any taxes, interest, and penalties incurred would reduce our cash available for distributions to shareholders and could negatively affect our stock price. However, for years in which we failed to qualify as a REIT, we would not be subject to REIT rules that require us to distribute substantially all of our taxable income to our shareholders. Dividends payable by REITs do not qualify for the preferential tax rates available for some dividends. Dividends payable by REITs may be taxed at higher rates than dividends of non-REIT corporations. The maximum U.S. federal income tax rate for qualified dividends paid by domestic non-REIT corporations to U.S. stockholders that are individuals, trusts, or estates is generally 20%. Dividends paid by REITs to such stockholders are generally not eligible for that rate but, such stockholders may deduct up to 20% of ordinary dividends (i.e., dividends not designated as capital gain dividends or qualified dividend income) received from a REIT for taxable years beginning before January 1, 2026. Although this deduction reduces the effective tax rate applicable to certain dividends paid by REITs, such tax rate may still be higher than the tax rate applicable to regular corporate qualified dividends. This may cause investors to view REIT investments as less attractive than investments in non-REIT corporations, which in turn may adversely affect the value of the stock of REITs, including our stock. We may pay some taxes, reducing cash available for shareholders. Even if we qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal corporate income tax purposes, we may be subject to some federal, foreign, state, and local taxes on our income and property. Certain consolidated corporate subsidiaries of the Company have elected to be treated as taxable REIT subsidiaries ( TRSs ) for U.S. federal corporate income tax purposes and are taxable as regular corporations and subject to certain limitations on intercompany transactions. If tax authorities determine that amounts paid by our TRSs to us are not reasonable compared to similar arrangements among unrelated parties, we could be subject to a 100% penalty tax on the excess payments, and ongoing intercompany arrangements could have to change, resulting in higher ongoing tax payments. To the extent the Company is required to pay federal, foreign, state, or local taxes, or federal penalty taxes due to existing laws or changes thereto, we will have less cash available for distribution to shareholders. In addition, certain local and state governments have imposed taxes on self-storage rent. While in most cases those taxes are paid by our customers, they increase the cost of self-storage rental to our customers and can negatively impact our revenues. Other local and state governments may impose self-storage rent taxes in the future. 16 If PSA OP were to fail to maintain its status as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes, our financial results would be adversely impacted. We believe PSA OP qualifies as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes. As a partnership, PSA OP is generally not subject to U.S. federal income tax on its income. Instead, each of the partners is allocated its share of PSA OP s income. There is no assurance, however, that the IRS will not challenge the status of PSA OP as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes. If the IRS were to successfully challenge the status of PSA OP as a partnership, it would be taxable as a corporation. In such event, this would reduce the amount of distributions that PSA OP could make. The treatment of PSA OP as a corporation would also cause us to fail to qualify as a REIT. This would substantially reduce our cash available to pay distributions and the return on a shareholder's investment. Changes in tax laws could negatively impact us. The United States Treasury Department and Congress frequently review federal income tax legislation, regulations and other guidance. We cannot predict whether, when, or to what extent new federal tax laws, regulations, interpretations or rulings will be adopted, but these changes might include, in particular, increases in the U.S. federal income tax rates that apply to us or our shareholders in certain circumstances, possibly with retroactive effect. We have exposure to increased property tax in California. Due to the impact of Proposition 13, which generally limits increases in assessed values to 2% per year, the assessed value and resulting property tax we pay is less than it would be if the properties were assessed at current estimated market values. From time to time, proposals have been made to reduce the beneficial impact of Proposition 13, most recently in the November 2020 ballot. While this ballot initiative failed, there can be no assurance that future initiatives or other legislative actions will not eliminate or reduce the benefit of Proposition 13 with respect to our properties. If the beneficial effect of Proposition 13 were ended for our properties, our property tax expense could increase substantially, adversely affecting our cash flow from operations and net income. We are subject to extensive laws and regulations and to frequent changes in such laws and regulations. We are subject to extensive laws and regulations, and to frequent changes in such laws and regulations, at the city, county, state, and federal level. These laws and regulations include (i) laws and regulations related to access to our self-storage facilities, including the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, (ii) laws and regulations related to taxes, including property taxes, income taxes, and REIT status compliance, (iii) labor and employment laws and regulations, (iv) consumer protection laws and regulations, including those related to lien sales, (v) state and local business licensing laws and regulations, (vi) zoning laws and regulations, (vii) privacy laws and regulations, including the California Privacy Rights Act and the California Consumer Privacy Act, and (viii) securities laws. Compliance with these laws and regulations, including changes thereto, have imposed significant costs and could in the future impose greater costs or require adverse changes to our business and operations. Failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations may subject us to increased litigation and regulatory actions and negatively affect our business and operations or reputation. Our tenant reinsurance business is subject to governmental regulation, which could reduce our profitability or limit our growth. We hold limited lines self-service storage insurance agent licenses from a number of individual state departments of insurance and are subject to state governmental regulation and supervision. Our continued ability to maintain these limited lines self-service storage insurance agent licenses in the jurisdictions in which we are licensed depends on our compliance with related rules and regulations. The regulatory authorities in each jurisdiction generally have broad discretion to grant, renew, and revoke licenses and approvals, to promulgate, interpret, and implement regulations, and to evaluate compliance with regulations through periodic examinations, audits, and investigations of the affairs of insurance agents. As a result of regulatory or private action in any jurisdiction, we may be temporarily or permanently suspended from continuing some or all of our reinsurance activities , or otherwise fined, penalized, or subject to an adverse judgment, which could reduce our net income. 17 In the event that we recognize a significant gain from cash settlement of a forward sale agreement, the U.S. federal income tax treatment of the cash that we receive in such instance is unclear and could impact our ability to meet the REIT qualification requirements. We maintain an at the market offering program under which we may enter into forward sale agreements from time to time to sell common shares and, subject to certain conditions, we have the right to elect physical, cash or net share settlement under these agreements at any time and from time to time, in part or in full. In the event that we elect to settle a forward sale agreement for cash and the settlement price is below the forward sale price, we would be entitled to receive a cash payment from the applicable forward purchaser(s). Under Section 1032 of the Code, generally, no gains and losses are recognized by a corporation in dealing in its own shares, including pursuant to a securities futures contract, as defined in the Code by reference to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Although we believe that any amount received by us in exchange for our common shares would qualify for the exemption under Section 1032 of the Code, because it is not entirely clear whether a forward sale agreement qualifies as a securities futures contract, the U.S. federal income tax treatment of any cash settlement payment we receive is uncertain. In the event that we recognize a significant gain from the cash settlement of a forward sale agreement, we might not be able to satisfy the gross income requirements applicable to REITs under the Code. If we were to fail to satisfy one or both of the gross income tests for any taxable year, we may nevertheless qualify as a REIT for such year if we were entitled to relief under certain provisions of the Code. If these relief provisions were inapplicable, we would not qualify to be taxed as a REIT. International trade disputes, including U.S. trade tariffs and retaliatory tariffs, could adversely impact our business. International trade disputes, including threatened or implemented tariffs imposed by the U.S. and threatened or implemented tariffs imposed by foreign countries in retaliation, could result in inflationary pressures that directly impact our costs, such as costs for steel, lumber and other materials applicable to our development and redevelopment projects. Trade disputes could also adversely impact global supply chains which could further increase costs for us or delay delivery of key inventories and supplies. Tariffs and trade restrictions can be announced with little or no advance notice, and we may not be able to effectively mitigate all adverse impacts from such measures. If we are not able to navigate these changes, it could have a material adverse effect on our business. 