=== UAL_2026-02-12.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors and in Part II, Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. We disclaim any intent or obligation to update or revise any of the forward-looking statements, whether in response to new information, unforeseen events, changed circumstances or otherwise, except as required by applicable law. PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS. Overview United Airlines Holdings, Inc. (together with its consolidated subsidiaries, "UAL" or the "Company") is a holding company and its wholly-owned subsidiary is United Airlines, Inc. (together with its consolidated subsidiaries, "United"). United's shared purpose is "Connecting People. Uniting the World." United has the most comprehensive route network among North American carriers, including U.S. mainland hubs in Chicago, Denver, Houston, Los Angeles, New York/Newark, San Francisco and Washington, D.C. As UAL consolidates United for financial statement purposes, disclosures that relate to activities of United also apply to UAL, unless otherwise noted. United's operating revenues and operating expenses comprise nearly 100% of UAL's revenues and operating expenses. In addition, United comprises approximately the entire balance of UAL's assets, liabilities and operating cash flows. When appropriate, UAL and United are named specifically for their individual contractual obligations and related disclosures and any significant differences between the operations and results of UAL and United are separately disclosed and explained. We sometimes use the words "we," "our," "us," and the "Company" in this report for disclosures that relate to all of UAL and United. The Company's principal executive office is located at 233 South Wacker Drive, Chicago, Illinois 60606 (telephone number (872) 825-4000). The Company's website is located at www.united.com and its investor relations website is located at ir.united.com. The information contained on or connected to the Company's websites is not incorporated by reference into this Form 10-K and should not be considered part of this or any other report filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). The Company's filings with the SEC, including annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and all amendments to those reports, as well as UAL's proxy statement for its annual meeting of stockholders, are accessible without charge on the Company's investor relations website, as soon as reasonably practicable, after we electronically file such material with, or furnish such material to, the SEC pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Such filings are also available on the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. Operations The Company transports people and cargo throughout North America and to destinations in Asia, Europe, Africa, the Pacific, the Middle East and Latin America. UAL, through United and its regional carriers, operates across six continents, with hubs at Chicago O'Hare International Airport ("ORD"), Denver International Airport ("DEN"), George Bush Intercontinental Airport ("IAH"), Los Angeles International Airport ("LAX"), Newark Liberty International Airport ("EWR"), San Francisco International Airport ("SFO"), Washington Dulles International Airport ("IAD") and A.B. Won Pat International Airport ("GUM"). All of the Company's domestic hubs are located in large business and population centers, contributing to a large amount of "origin and destination" traffic. The hub and spoke system allows us to transport passengers between a large number of destinations with substantially more frequent service than if each route were served directly. The hub system also allows us to add service to a new destination from a large number of cities using only one or a limited number of aircraft. As discussed under Alliances below, United is a member of Star Alliance, the world's largest alliance network. United Next. In 2025 the Company continued to make progress with its United Next plan to align its network and product with the potential of its hubs while remaining focused on protecting the safety of its employees and customers and providing a superior customer experience. United Next aims to increase customer choice and win brand-loyal customers by offering a diversity of products ranging from Basic Economy to Polaris and growing our leading global network, which the Company believes will lead to diverse revenue streams for the Company. As part of its United Next growth plan, the Company expects to 3 Table of Contents take delivery of over 630 new narrow- and widebody aircraft by the end of 2034. The new aircraft that the Company has taken delivery of to date have increased the Company's gauge, scale and connectivity as well as improved the Company's fuel efficiency. Other key highlights of its United Next plan include: increasing our employee headcount by more than 38,000 employees since 2020; surpassing 530 new and retrofit aircraft featuring United's signature interior with bigger bins, seatback screens at every seat and Bluetooth connectivity; expanding the Company's leading global network to destinations like Bangkok, Thailand; Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam; and Adelaide, Australia. inaugurating service to eight new destinations: Nuuk, Greenland; Ulaanbaatar, Mongolia; Faro, Portugal; Puerto Escondido, Mexico; Palermo, Italy; Bilbao, Spain; and Madeira Island, Portugal. launching Kinective Media SM the first media network that uses insights from travel behaviors to connect customers to personalized advertising, experiences and offers from leading brands; bringing Starlink's Wi-Fi service (the world's fastest, most reliable Wi-Fi in the sky) to our United Express regional aircraft and beginning installation on our mainline aircraft; and making significant technology changes that empower the Company's employees and improve the customer experience. Regional. The Company's business and operations are dependent on its regional flight network, with regional capacity accounting for approximately 6.1% of the Company's total capacity for the year ended December 31, 2025. The Company has contractual relationships with various regional carriers to provide regional aircraft service branded as United Express. This regional service complements our operations by carrying traffic that connects to our hubs and allows flights to smaller cities that cannot be provided economically with mainline aircraft. CommuteAir LLC ("CommuteAir"), GoJet Airlines, LLC ("GoJet"), Mesa Airlines, Inc. ("Mesa"), Republic Airways Inc. ("Republic") and SkyWest Airlines, Inc. ("SkyWest") are all regional carriers that operate with capacity contracted to United under capacity purchase agreements ("CPAs"). Under these CPAs, the Company pays the regional carriers contractually agreed fees (carrier costs) for operating these flights plus a variable rate adjustment based on agreed performance metrics, subject to annual adjustments. The fees are based on rates multiplied by specific operating statistics (e.g., block hours, departures), as well as fixed monthly amounts. Under these CPAs, the Company is also responsible for all fuel costs incurred, as well as landing fees and other costs, which are either passed through by the regional carrier to the Company without any markup or directly incurred by the Company. In some cases, the Company owns some or all of the aircraft subject to the CPA and leases such aircraft to the regional carrier. In return, the regional carriers operate the capacity of the aircraft included within the scope of such CPA exclusively for United, on schedules determined by the Company. The Company also determines pricing and revenue management, assumes the inventory and distribution risk for the available seats and permits mileage accrual and redemption for regional flights through its MileagePlus loyalty program. Alliances. United is a member of Star Alliance, a global integrated airline network and the largest and most comprehensive airline alliance in the world. In 2025, Star Alliance member carriers continued to serve more than 1,150 airports in more than 190 countries and territories with 17,500 average daily departures. Star Alliance members, in addition to United, are Aegean Airlines, Air Canada, Air China, Air India, Air New Zealand, All Nippon Airways ("ANA"), Asiana Airlines, Austrian Airlines, Aerov as del Continente Americano (Avianca), Brussels Airlines, Copa Airlines, Croatia Airlines, EGYPTAIR, Ethiopian Airlines, EVA Air, LOT Polish Airlines, Lufthansa, Shenzhen Airlines, Singapore Airlines, South African Airways, SWISS, TAP Air Portugal, THAI Airways International and Turkish Airlines. In addition to its members, Star Alliance includes Shanghai-based Juneyao Airlines as a connecting partner and Germany-based Deutsche Bahn and Austria-based BB Austrian Federal Railways as railway intermodal partners. Lufthansa City Airlines joined Star Alliance as part of Lufthansa. United has a variety of bilateral commercial alliance agreements and obligations with Star Alliance members, addressing, among other things, reciprocal earning and redemption of frequent flyer miles, access to airport lounges and, with certain Star Alliance members, codesharing of flight operations (whereby one carrier's selected flights can be marketed under the brand name of another carrier). In addition to the alliance agreements with Star Alliance members, United currently maintains independent alliance agreements with other air carriers, including Aer Lingus, Air Dolomiti, Airlink, Azul Linhas A reas Brasileiras, Cape Air, Discover Airlines, Edelweiss Air, Emirates, Eurowings, flydubai, Hawaiian Airlines, ITA Airways, JetBlue, JetSuiteX, Olympic Air and Virgin Australia Airlines. United also participates in four passenger joint business arrangements ("JBAs"): one with Air Canada and the Lufthansa Group (which includes Lufthansa and its affiliates Air Dolomiti, Austrian Airlines, Brussels Airlines, Discover Airlines, Edelweiss, Eurowings, Lufthansa City Airlines and SWISS) covering transatlantic routes, one with ANA covering certain transpacific 4 Table of Contents routes, one with Air New Zealand covering certain routes between the United States and New Zealand, and one with Air Canada covering certain United States and Canada transborder routes. These passenger JBAs enable the participating carriers to integrate the services they provide in the respective regions, capturing revenue synergies and delivering enhanced customer benefits, such as highly competitive flight schedules, fares and services. Separate from the passenger JBAs, United is also a party to a JBA with Lufthansa for transatlantic cargo services. This cargo JBA offers expanded and more seamless access to cargo space across the carriers' respective combined networks. Loyalty Program. United's MileagePlus loyalty program builds customer loyalty by offering awards, benefits and services to program participants. Members in this program earn miles for flights on United, United Express, Star Alliance members and certain other airlines that participate in the program. Members can also earn miles by purchasing goods and services from our network of non-airline partners, such as domestic and international credit card issuers, retail merchants, hotels and car rental companies. Members can redeem miles for free (other than taxes and government-imposed fees), discounted or upgraded travel and non-travel awards. United has an agreement with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. ("Chase"), pursuant to which members of United's MileagePlus loyalty program who are residents of the United States can earn miles for making purchases using a MileagePlus credit card issued by Chase (the "Co-Brand Agreement"). The Co-Brand Agreement also provides for joint marketing and other support for the MileagePlus credit card and provides Chase with other benefits such as permission to market to the Company's customer database. In 2025, approximately 10.9 million MileagePlus flight awards were used on United and United Express. These awards represented approximately 10.3% of United's total revenue passenger miles. Total miles redeemed for flights on United and United Express, including class-of-service upgrades, represented approximately 90% of the total miles redeemed. In addition, excluding miles redeemed for flights on United and United Express, MileagePlus members redeemed miles for approximately 4.3 million other awards. These awards include United Club memberships, car and hotel awards, merchandise and flights on other air carriers. Air Cargo. The Company provides freight and mail transportation services ("Air Cargo"). The majority of Air Cargo services are provided to commercial businesses, freight forwarders, logistics firms and national postal services. Through our global network, the Company's Air Cargo operations are able to connect the world's major freight gateways. The Company generates Air Cargo revenues in domestic and international markets through the use of cargo capacity on regularly scheduled passenger flights, interline and charter flights, and ground trucking arrangements. Distribution Channels. The Company sells airline tickets and ancillary products through a wide range of distribution channels, including direct channels such as the Company's website at www.united.com and the Company's mobile app, as well as traditional travel agencies, online travel agencies ("OTAs") and other intermediaries. The Company seeks to make its products available across these channels to support customer choice, subject to the technological capabilities and commercial arrangements applicable to each channel. The Company continues to invest in modernizing its distribution systems, including enhancements to its direct channels and implementing New Distribution Capability ("NDC"), to support the marketing and sale of its products. Direct channels, including the Company's website, the Company's mobile app and NDC-enabled channels, provide opportunities to better differentiate the Company's offerings, present richer content, deliver more relevant offers, strengthen customer relationships, improve customer service, enhance brand engagement and reduce ticket distribution costs. However, a portion of the Company's ticket sales continues to be distributed through legacy distribution technology, which may involve higher costs and more limited functionality compared to the Company's direct and NDC channels. Third-Party Business. United generates third-party business revenue that includes maintenance services, frequent flyer award non-travel redemptions, flight academy and ground handling. Aircraft Fuel. The table below summarizes the fuel consumption and expense of UAL's aircraft (including the operations of our regional carriers operating under CPAs) during the last three years. Year Gallons Consumed (in millions) Fuel Expense (in millions) Average Price Per Gallon Percentage of Total Operating Expense 2025 4,663 $ 11,396 $ 2.44 21 % 2024 4,444 $ 11,756 $ 2.65 23 % 2023 4,205 $ 12,651 $ 3.01 26 % Our operational and financial results can be significantly impacted by changes in the price and availability of aircraft fuel. The Company routinely enters into purchase contracts based on expected fuel requirements primarily for UAL aircraft (including regional carriers operating under CPAs) that are generally indexed to various market price benchmarks for aircraft fuel. These 5 Table of Contents contracts customarily do not provide material protection against changes in market prices or guarantee the uninterrupted availability of adequate quantities of aircraft fuel. The price of aircraft fuel used by our operations has fluctuated in the past and is expected to remain volatile due to numerous factors including the increasing adoption of mandated SAF across certain markets. The Company's current strategy is to not enter into financial transactions to hedge the market price exposure of its expected fuel consumption, although the Company regularly reviews its strategy based on market conditions and other factors. Industry Conditions Domestic Competition. The domestic airline industry is highly competitive and dynamic. The Company's competitors consist primarily of other airlines and, to a certain extent, other forms of transportation. Currently, any U.S. carrier deemed fit by the U.S. Department of Transportation (the "DOT") is largely free to operate scheduled passenger service between any two points within the United States. Competition can be direct, in the form of another carrier flying the exact non-stop route, or indirect, where a carrier serves the same two cities non-stop from an alternative airport in that city or via an itinerary requiring a connection at another airport. Air carriers' cost structures are not uniform and are influenced by numerous factors. Carriers with lower costs may offer lower fares to passengers, which could have a potential negative impact on the Company's revenues. Domestic pricing decisions are impacted by intense competitive pressure exerted on the Company by other U.S. airlines. In order to remain competitive and maintain passenger traffic levels, we often find it necessary to match competitors' discounted fares. International Competition. Internationally, the Company competes not only with U.S. airlines, but also with foreign carriers. International competition has increased and may continue to increase in the future as a result of airline mergers and acquisitions, JBAs, alliances, restructurings, liberalization of aviation bilateral agreements and new or increased service by competitors. Competition on international routes is subject to varying degrees of governmental regulation. The Company's ability to compete successfully with non-U.S. carriers on international routes depends in part on its ability to generate traffic to and from the entire United States via its integrated domestic route network and its ability to overcome business and operational challenges across its network worldwide. Foreign carriers currently are prohibited by U.S. law from carrying local passengers between two points in the United States and the Company generally experiences comparable restrictions in foreign countries. Separately, "fifth freedom rights" allow the Company to operate between points in two different foreign countries and foreign carriers may also have fifth freedom rights between the U.S. and another foreign country. In the absence of fifth freedom rights, or some other extra-bilateral right to conduct operations between two foreign countries, U.S. carriers are constrained from carrying passengers to points beyond designated international gateway cities. To compensate partially for these structural limitations, U.S. and foreign carriers have entered into alliances, immunized JBAs and marketing arrangements that enable these carriers to exchange traffic between each other's flights and route networks. Through these arrangements, the Company strives to provide consumers with a growing number of seamless, cost-effective and convenient travel options. See "Alliances" for additional information. Seasonality. The air travel business is subject to seasonal fluctuations. Although the Company's fourth quarter revenue exceeded each of the second quarter and third quarter in 2025, historically, demand for air travel is higher in the second and third quarters, driving higher revenues, than in the first and fourth quarters, which are periods of lower travel demand. Our Approach to Corporate Citizenship and Value Creation At United "Good Leads the Way" is more than a slogan; it fuels our mission to build the world's biggest and best airline. Our employees around the world are joined together to enable connections that matter and move society whether it is connecting people across cultures, flying a loved one to a wedding, connecting medical professionals at a breakthrough conference or getting a business traveler to an important meeting or back home in time for a child's big game. Today United is viewed not only as a leader among our peer airlines but as a leader among the world's largest corporations. Our leadership is driven by our desire to blaze new trails by being a force for good, responsive to the world in which we operate, responsible for our actions and committed to doing the right thing. United has devoted its brand, reputation, resources, time and effort to pursuing corporate citizenship goals aimed to generate the most impactful results that we can create. Simply, we aspire to use our influence and scale to lead in a way that inspires the world to action. Over the last few years, we have made historic investments to fight climate change and provided career opportunities to thousands of people. We set forth below three of our corporate citizenship focus areas. Safety Culture At United, safety is first in everything that the Company does and is its first service standard of Core4 (the Company is safe, then caring, dependable and efficient). Guided by the overarching message that there are "No Small Roles in Safety," the Company is concentrated on promoting a strong safety culture to help ensure that every employee across United holds 6 Table of Contents themselves and each other to the highest safety standards. The Company's laser focus on the health, safety and security of its employees and customers is not only essential to its operational and financial success but also defines the Company as an organization making safety accountability a non-negotiable aspect of its culture. The Company's FAA-approved Safety Management System ("SMS") is a cornerstone component that helps enable the Company to uphold regulatory compliance safety standards, proactively identify hazards, mitigate risks and elevate corrective actions to help ensure the safety of its customers and employees. The Company continues to evaluate, expand and shape its SMS to incorporate new areas of the business to help reduce risk as the Company grows its aircraft fleet and expands the destinations that it serves. In addition, just as the Company has invested in infrastructure, technology and tools, the Company is also investing in the training and development of its employees especially those who are new to United to help ensure they gain proficiency in their roles and stay safe in the workplace. The Company's approach to safety entails four overarching objectives: 1. A just culture. The Company focuses on fostering an engaged, proactive and just safety culture that prioritizes and protects the well-being and safety of all employees. 2. Regulatory compliance. Maintaining a culture whereby the Company's employees are required to consistently follow and adhere to policies and regulatory requirements is one of the Company's pillars. 3. Flight safety. Reducing flight safety and operational risks by keeping the Company's aircraft safe and airworthy is a cornerstone of the Company's safety objectives. 4. Standard operating procedure. The Company drives adherence to its standard operating procedures to help ensure an accountable, consistent and safe operation. The Company's Board provides significant oversight of its safety processes and procedures, which includes a review of management's development, implementation and maintenance of the Company's safety management system, objectives, culture, training and reporting. Board meeting sessions typically start with a presentation on current and potential future safety considerations affecting the Company both in the air and on the ground. Environmental Sustainability Strategy The Company's commitment to operating an environmentally sustainable airline is woven into its long-term strategy. The Company believes that it is critical to continue to serve its purpose of connecting people and uniting the world and is focused on finding actionable solutions that reduce the environmental impact of its operations and manage operational costs in its energy supply while also achieving its financial goals and creating long-term value for its stockholders. At the end of 2020, the Company pledged a net zero goal to reduce its greenhouse gas ("GHG") emissions by 100% by 2050 without relying on the use of voluntary, traditional carbon offsets 1 . To support its net zero goal, the Company also established a mid-term target of reducing, compared to 2019, its carbon emissions intensity by 50% by 2035, which has been validated by the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi). The Company's sustainability strategy continues to be centered around four key pillars, each of which is described in further detail below: (i) drive fuel efficiencies and innovation in flight; (ii) adopt more sustainable alternatives to conventional jet fuel; (iii) integrate sustainability efforts at every altitude; and (iv) collaborate with partners. These pillars cover not only long-term actions within the Company's operations but also support the low-carbon transition of the transportation and aviation industry as a whole. The Company is hopeful that its sustainability strategy will help position it to succeed in an increasingly resource-constrained world. The Company's Board of Directors (the "Board"), including through its Public Responsibility Committee, provides oversight of its environmental sustainability and climate-related strategic goals and objectives to ensure integration with its core business strategy. Management periodically updates the Board on the implementation of the Company's climate strategic goals and objectives. The Board, including through its Public Responsibility Committee, also oversees management's identification, evaluation and monitoring of environmental (including climate-related) trends, issues, concerns, risks and opportunities that affect or could affect the Company's reputation, business activities, strategies and performance. 1 Traditional carbon offsets refer to carbon credits generated through the avoidance and/or reduction of CO 2 emissions that would have otherwise occurred outside a company's value chain. Traditional carbon offsets do not include certificates conveying the attributes of renewable energy or sustainable aviation fuel, or credits related to the removal of CO 2 from the atmosphere. 7 Table of Contents Drive fuel efficiencies and innovation in flight : As part of this plan, the Company is focused on improving fuel efficiency in its operations. Its main focus in realizing this objective is optimizing its conventional jet fuel consumption, which is both the largest contributor to its environmental footprint and, as noted above, a sizable expense for the Company. To do so, the Company is prioritizing the introduction of newer, more fuel-efficient aircraft into its fleet as part of its United Next plan, as well as improving the fuel efficiency of its existing fleet. In conjunction with improving the fuel efficiency of its fleet, the Company has been incorporating fuel efficiency considerations within flight and ground operations, including implementing operational and procedural initiatives designed to drive fuel conservation. The Company has worked collaboratively across its organization and with Air Traffic Control ("ATC") providers to strive to improve fuel efficiency through the implementation of best practices and by training its pilots and dispatchers and supplying them with the necessary tools to execute those strategies. Adopt more sustainable alternatives to jet fuel : The Company believes that large-scale adoption of sustainable aviation fuel ("SAF") in its operations is critical to helping mitigate its exposure to volatile fuel prices and achieving its environmental goals. SAF is an alternative to conventional jet fuel that can emit up to 85% less GHG emissions on a lifecycle basis relative to conventional jet fuel and is considered 'drop-in' ready, which means that it can be used in current operations with existing aircraft and infrastructure with few to no additional alterations required. SAF can help diversify the Company's jet fuel supply, which is its second largest operating expense and is subject to volatile global prices. Reducing its fuel consumption while diversifying its fuel supply with SAF can enhance the Company's resiliency in the face of conventional jet fuel price spikes. The Company is working with strategic partners to scale and commercialize the use of SAF : While the Company currently is an aviation leader in investing in technologies focused on decarbonizing aviation and its associated energy supply chains, SAF supply in the jet fuel market is constrained and represents, according to industry estimates, less than 1% of global commercial aviation fuel usage. Additionally, the purchase of SAF today comes with a price premium, compared to conventional jet fuel. As a result, in 2024, the total volume of SAF used in the Company's operations remained approximately 0.3% of its total aviation fuel usage. These challenges with present-day SAF have informed the Company's strategy of investing in technology to help scale the SAF market and unlock future supply for the Company. The Company has an established history of investment in, and use of, SAF. Beginning in 2015, the Company made its first investment in a company working to commercialize SAF production. In 2016, the Company became the first airline globally to start using SAF in its regular operations on an ongoing basis. The Company has progressed its SAF strategy with several notable milestones, including the following: In 2021 the Company launched its first-of-its-kind Eco-Skies Alliance program for corporations to help advance the SAF market by working with the Company to fund the price premium for SAF. The Company also established UAV, a corporate venture capital arm that seeks to invest in promising sustainable aviation technologies and innovation to usher in the future of air travel. In 2023 the Company launched the United Airlines Ventures Sustainable Flight Fund (the "Fund") which is the first-of-its-kind investment vehicle of UAV to support start-ups developing technologies focused on decarbonizing aviation and its associated energy supply chains, including through research and production, and technologies associated with SAF. Between 2024-2025, the Company added four new locations to its SAF operational footprint, purchasing blended SAF for use at ORD, IAD, IAH and EWR airports. Integrate sustainability efforts at every altitude : The Company is focused on initiatives intended to drive more sustainable operations while maintaining efficiencies across the business. For example, the Company continues to progress its strategic electrification of ground service equipment ("GSE") across its hubs and stations. As of the end of 2025, over 5,800 units of the Company's GSE around the world are electric, representing approximately 41% of its GSE fleet. Collaborate with partners : The Company collaborates with employees, customers, airports, suppliers, cross-industry partners, trade associations and policymakers across its value chain to scale the supply of SAF and invest in decarbonization technology solutions. Some of the Company's highlights in this area include the following: The Company led a cross-sectoral effort to incentivize SAF in Illinois, lowering the overall cost of SAF consumption at the state level. The Sustainable Aviation Fuel Purchase Credit was enacted in Illinois in February 2023 and became effective in mid-2023. The Company was the first airline to use this credit for purchases in 2024. 8 Table of Contents The Company is a founding member of the nonprofit, non-partisan SAF Coalition. Formed in 2024, the SAF Coalition is an organization looking to bring together all stakeholders of the aviation fuel value chain to advocate for federal policies that support and increase domestic SAF supply, including successful advocacy to preserve and extend federal low-carbon fuel tax credits. The Company has made progress with its environmental sustainability strategy. However, the Company expects that its absolute GHG emissions will continue to increase in the immediate future as the Company continues to grow. In addition, even though purchasing voluntary, traditional carbon offsets could present near-term emissions reductions, as outlined above, the Company aims to achieve its mid-term and long-term climate goals without relying on the use of voluntary, traditional carbon offsets. Such commitment is demonstrated by the end of the Company's customer offset program and elimination of emission reductions realized by carbon offsets as reflected in its GHG inventory. The Company continues to review and explore the evolving environmental landscape to further understand potential risks and opportunities to enhance its environmental strategy. Additional quantitative emissions data for fiscal years 2024 and 2023 are as follows: Carbon Emissions 2024 2023 Direct (Scope 1) GHG Emissions in Metric Tons CO 2 e Gross and Net GHG emissions 38,520,027 36,588,996 * Biogenic Emissions in Metric Tons CO 2 e Biogenic (Outside of Scope) Emissions 125,374 68,871 * Indirect Emissions in Metric Tons CO 2 e Indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions 134,497 144,019 Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions (a) 13,585,207 12,671,510 Total Net GHG Emissions in Metric Tons CO 2 e (b) 52,239,731 49,404,525 * Carbon Emissions Intensity Rates (c) 2024 2023 Emissions Intensity per Revenue ton-kilometer ("RTK") Mainline RTKs (millions) (d) 49,711 46,361 Metric tons CO 2 e/1,000 mainline and regional RTKs (e) 1,042 1,057 Emissions Intensity per Available Seat Mile ("ASM") ASMs (millions) (f) 311,185 291,333 Metric tons CO 2 e/1,000 mainline and regional ASMs (g) 167 169 (a) Includes Scope 3 categories 3, 4, 7, 14 and 15. (b) Excludes biogenic CO 2 emissions in accordance with the Greenhouse Gas Protocol. (c) Intensity rates and operational figures are calculated based on third-party verified data for 2024 and 2023. (d) The number of mainline revenue (passenger and cargo) tons transported multiplied by the number of kilometers flown on each segment. (e) Scope 1+2 and Scope 3 (categories 3 and 4) emissions/mainline+regional RTKs; metric used for tracking progress against the Company's 2035 carbon emissions intensity and 2050 carbon emission goals. (f) The number of seats available for passengers multiplied by the number of scheduled miles those seats are flown. (g) Scope 1+2 and Scope 3 (categories 3, 4, 7 and 14) emissions/mainline+regional ASMs. * The calculation has been revised since the publication of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024 filed with the SEC on February 27, 2025 (the "2024 Annual Report") to incorporate additional SAF volumes for which supporting documentation was received after the initial filing. The Company aligns its environmental sustainability disclosures through third-party reporting organizations, frameworks and standards including the recommendations from the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures as well as applicable mandatory disclosure requirements. Additional information on United's commitment to environmental sustainability is available at united.com/sustainability. The information contained on or connected to the Company's website is not incorporated by reference into this Form 10-K and should not be considered part of this or any other report filed with the SEC. Human Capital Management and Resources Demographics : As of December 31, 2025, UAL, including its subsidiaries, had approximately 113,200 employees, of whom approximately 83% were represented by various U.S. labor organizations. See the section "The maintenance of the Company's relationships with its labor unions" below for information on the Company's represented employee groups. People Culture : The Company believes that its employees represent the brightest and highest-performing people in the aviation industry and embody the Company's mission to build the world's biggest and best airline. The Company's continued 9 Table of Contents ability to recruit, hire, develop, motivate and retain skilled personnel with industry experience and knowledge at all levels of its organization by being an employer of choice is foundational to its success in the highly competitive aviation industry, especially in light of its ambitious growth agenda under the United Next plan. The Company's human capital management strategy is designed to help it attract and develop a deep talent base with the skills, experiences, knowledge and backgrounds to drive the United Next objectives as well as thrive in the face of change; provide them with the tools to prepare them for critical roles and leadership positions in the future; and reward and retain them with competitive compensation and benefits. The Company is proud of its unique culture and plans to continue to execute its human capital management strategy through the following: 1. Talent acquisition and internal talent mobility process and succession planning. The Company developed talent acquisition tools and programs to help it continue to (i) attract and identify the best-qualified candidates who can deliver the highest levels of service to its customers, which generates the profitability to help fund the Company's future and reward its employees; (ii) ensure that the Company's recruiting, retention and leadership development goals are systematically executed throughout United; and (iii) broaden and strengthen its talent channels and pipelines so that the Company can cultivate the next generation of talent that will lead it into the future. In 2025, the Company hired approximately 13,100 employees across the globe through its external career site, professional association partnerships, employee referrals, universities, the U.S. Military and other external sources. In addition to the development of its external talent pipeline, the Company's human resources programs are designed to facilitate internal talent mobility. The Company encourages its employees to identify the paths that can build the skills, experience, knowledge and competencies needed for career advancement. In 2025, about 72% of the Company's senior leader positions filled were internal placements and 587 frontline employees were promoted into management roles, the latter of which was consistent with last year. As stated above, a cornerstone of the Company's talent acquisition and internal talent mobility strategy is cultivating a culture that fosters a workplace in which all employees are safe, have an opportunity to succeed, feel a sense of belonging and are empowered to innovate and collaborate. The Company is committed to providing opportunities for advancement to help its employees reach their full potential and its policies strictly prohibit any form of employment discrimination. Succession planning provides the Company with the opportunity to evaluate its key successors. The Company's executives and senior leaders are engaged in succession planning by regularly evaluating, developing and mentoring its talent. The Board also engages in annual succession planning and talent development discussions with the Company's Chief Executive Officer, President and Executive Vice President of Human Resources, focusing on the Company's ability to attract, identify, prepare and retain talented employees for future leadership positions. 2. The development of a Company culture that is centered on safety and promotes the importance of listening and responding to colleague feedback. As stated above, safety is first in everything that the Company does and is its first Core4 service standard. The Company is focused on promoting its safety culture to help ensure that every employee across the Company holds each other to the highest safety standards and strives to protect themselves, their colleagues and the Company's customers. As the Company strives to continue to be an employer of choice, the Company believes that it is critical that its workforce is encouraged to provide feedback and is informed as well as engaged. The Company utilizes multiple channels for all employees to ask for guidance, report concerns without fear of retaliation (including those related to safety) and provide constructive feedback and recommendations. The Company's executive team also provides several avenues of engagement to clearly inform its employees of company needs and goals. The Company routinely conducts employee engagement surveys of its global workforce, which provide feedback on employee satisfaction and cover a variety of topics such as company culture, safety and values, execution of its strategy and individual development, among others. The Company's managers discuss employee performance and leadership assessments regularly. In 2023, the Company reintroduced performance ratings and calibration to support career development and employee performance and leadership. The Company invests in rewarding employee performance and leadership and has established a multi-level recognition program to acknowledge the achievements of excellent individual or team performance and leadership. 3. Robust professional and leadership development training programs for all career stages. 10 Table of Contents The Company's industry and team are experiencing transformation and the Company has responded by becoming a learning organization, helping to guide its employees in their journey to reach their full potential. The Company continues to invest heavily in its leadership development-programs, which it believes will better position the Company to meet its current and future business needs while also creating a competitive advantage in accelerating talent, improving performance and mitigating risk. The Company offers a broad range of best-in-class leadership and professional training programs that provides its employees with opportunities for learning and skill-building. This starts with an introduction to the Company's culture when its employees start and progresses through new people leadership trainings as well as high potential development programs at the manager, senior manager, director and managing director levels. The Company provides all management-level employees with the opportunity to develop their skills through the Company's Leadership, Airport Operations and Digital Training Institutes. With respect to its technical positions, the Company has developed state-of-the-art technical training programs that include immersive training, virtual reality, simulations, on the job training and assessments of proficiency to ensure that it operates at the highest level of aviation safety and customer service. 4. The ability for the Company's employees to qualify for retirement, health and wellness benefits as well as, of course, travel privileges. While the Company's rewards package for most of its employees is determined by collective bargaining agreements, it includes competitive base pay, travel privileges and other comprehensive benefits including health, wellness and retirement programs for all the Company's full- and part-time employees. The Company periodically implements enhancements and investments to its compensation and employee benefit programs to help ensure that they support the Company's and its employees' strategic imperatives. The Company also reviews both industry and local market data at least annually to identify trends and market gaps in order to maintain the competitiveness of its compensation and employee benefit programs and incorporate best practices. For instance, the Company conducts pay equity analyses annually. With respect to executives, a substantial portion of their total rewards package is variable, at-risk pay that is based on Company performance and delivered in the form of equity, supporting alignment over the long term between the Company's executives and stockholders. The Company aligns its executives' long-term equity compensation with its stockholders' interests by linking realizable pay with stock performance. In addition, the Company has performance-based compensation programs for other management employee leaders, including managers, supervisors and team leads. 5. The maintenance of the Company's relationships with its labor unions. The Company bargains in good faith with the unions that represent its employees and frequently engages with union leaders at the national level and at local chapters throughout and engages with applicable local unions, works councils and associations outside the United States. Collective bargaining agreements between the Company and its represented employee groups are negotiated under the Railway Labor Act ("RLA"). Such agreements typically do not contain an expiration date and instead specify an amendable date, upon which the agreement is considered "open for amendment." In May 2025, the Company reached a Tentative Agreement ("TA") with its employees represented by the AFA regarding an agreement that became amendable in August 2021. The TA included improvements with respect to scheduling, reserve requirements and other quality of life improvements, as well as pay rate increases during its five-year term. The TA also included a provision for a one-time payment to employees represented by the AFA upon ratification. On July 29, 2025, the Company's employees represented by the AFA voted against ratification of the TA. As of the date of this report, the Company and the AFA continue their negotiations for a revised TA. The below table reflects the Company's represented employee groups, the number of employees per represented group, union representation for each employee group, and the amendable date for each employee group's collective bargaining agreement as of December 31, 2025. The Company is also in active negotiations with all of its union represented employees with amendable contracts. 11 Table of Contents Employee Group Number of Employees Union Agreement Open for Amendment United Airlines, Inc.: Flight Attendants 28,220 Association of Flight Attendants ("AFA") August 2021 Fleet Service 16,789 International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers (the "IAM") May 2025 Pilots 17,126 Air Line Pilots Association ("ALPA") October 2027 Passenger Service 11,493 IAM May 2025 Technicians 10,599 International Brotherhood of Teamsters (the "IBT") December 2024 Storekeepers 1,448 IAM May 2025 Dispatchers 554 Professional Airline Flight Control Association December 2024 Fleet Tech Instructors 162 IAM May 2025 Technical Operations Maintenance Planners 147 IBT May 2028 Technical Operations Maintenance Controllers 97 IBT November 2026 Load Planners 88 IAM May 2025 Maintenance Instructors 53 IAM May 2025 Security Officers 50 IAM May 2025 United Ground Express, Inc.: Passenger Service 6,727 IAM March 2025 Board Oversight : The Company's Board, assisted by several of its committees, plays a key role in the strategic oversight of management regarding the development, implementation and effectiveness of the Company's policies and strategies relating to human capital management. The Board's Executive Committee oversees and reviews significant human capital strategies, including culture and talent management matters, and the Board's Public Responsibility Committee reviews and monitors the development and implementation of the Company's people impact strategic goals and objectives. Many of the Company's Board members have experience overseeing workforce issues as CEOs and presidents of other companies or organizations. The Compensation Committee also engages an independent compensation and benefits consulting firm to help evaluate the Company's executive compensation and benefit programs and to provide benchmarking against a group of peer companies, including peers within the airline industry. Industry Regulation Airlines are subject to extensive domestic and international regulatory oversight. The following discussion summarizes the principal elements of the regulatory framework applicable to our business. Regulatory requirements, including but not limited to those discussed below, affect our operations and increase our operating costs, and future regulatory developments may continue to do the same. In addition, should any of our governmental authorizations or certificates be modified, suspended or revoked, our business and competitive position could be materially adversely affected. See Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors "The airline industry is subject to extensive government regulation, which imposes significant costs and may adversely impact our business, operating results and financial condition " for additional information on the material effects of compliance with government regulations. Domestic Regulation. All carriers engaged in air transportation in the United States are subject to regulation by the DOT. Absent an exemption, no air carrier may provide air transportation of passengers or property without first being issued a DOT certificate of public convenience and necessity. The DOT also grants international route authority, approves international codeshare arrangements and regulates methods of competition. The DOT regulates consumer protection and maintains jurisdiction over advertising, denied boarding compensation, tarmac delays, baggage liability and other areas and may add additional expensive regulatory burdens in the future. The DOT has launched investigations or claimed rulemaking authority to regulate commercial agreements among carriers or between carriers and third parties in a wide variety of contexts. Airlines are also regulated by the Federal Aviation Administration (the "FAA"), an agency within the DOT, primarily in the areas of flight safety, air carrier operations and aircraft maintenance and airworthiness. The FAA issues air carrier operating certificates and aircraft airworthiness certificates, prescribes maintenance procedures, oversees airport operations and regulates 12 Table of Contents pilot and other employee training. From time to time, the FAA issues directives that require air carriers to inspect, modify or ground aircraft and other equipment, potentially causing the Company to incur substantial, unplanned expenses. The airline industry is also subject to numerous other federal laws and regulations. The U.S. Department of Homeland Security ("DHS") has jurisdiction over virtually every aspect of civil aviation security. The Antitrust Division of the U.S. Department of Justice ("DOJ") has jurisdiction over certain airline competition matters. The U.S. Postal Service has authority over certain aspects of the transportation of mail by airlines. Labor relations in the airline industry are generally governed by the RLA, a federal statute. The Company is also subject to investigation inquiries by the DOT, FAA, DOJ, DHS, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, the U.S. Department of Agriculture, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration and other U.S. regulatory bodies. Airport Access. Access to landing and take-off rights, or "slots," at several major U.S. airports served by the Company are subject to government regulation. Federally-mandated domestic slot restrictions that limit operations and regulate capacity currently apply at three airports: Reagan National Airport in Washington, D.C., and John F. Kennedy International Airport and LaGuardia Airport in the New York City metropolitan region. Additional restrictions on takeoff and landing slots at these and other airports may be implemented in the future and could affect the Company's rights of ownership and transfer as well as its operations. Legislation . The airline industry is subject to legislative actions (or inactions) that may have an impact on operations and costs. In May 2024, the U.S. Congress approved the FAA Reauthorization Act of 2024, expiring September 30, 2028. Among other things, the FAA reauthorization increased the authorized funding level for the FAA and required the hiring of additional air traffic controllers, an effort to address staffing and resource shortages and improve the operation of the ATC system in the U.S. International Regulation. International air transportation is subject to extensive government regulation. In connection with the Company's international services, the Company is regulated by both the U.S. government and the governments of the foreign countries or regions the Company serves. In addition, the availability of international routes to U.S. carriers is regulated by aviation agreements between the U.S. and foreign governments and in some cases, fares and schedules require the approval of the DOT and/or the relevant foreign governments. Legislation. Foreign countries are increasingly enacting passenger protection laws, rules and regulations that meet or exceed U.S. requirements. In cases where this activity exceeds U.S. requirements, additional burden and liability may be placed on the Company. Certain countries have regulations requiring passenger compensation from the Company and/or enforcement penalties in addition to changes in operating procedures due to overbooked, canceled or delayed flights. Airport Access. Historically, access to foreign routes has been tightly controlled through bilateral agreements between the U.S. and each foreign jurisdiction involved. These agreements regulate the routes served, the number of carriers allowed to serve each route and the frequency of carriers' flights. Since the early 1990s, the U.S. has pursued a policy of "Open Skies" (meaning all U.S. and foreign carriers have access to the destination) under which the U.S. government has negotiated a number of bilateral agreements allowing unrestricted access between U.S. and foreign points. Currently, there are more than 100 Open Skies agreements in effect. However, even with Open Skies, many of the airports that the Company serves in Asia, Africa, the Middle East, the Pacific, Europe, and Latin America maintain slot controls. A large number of these slot controls exist due to congestion, environmental and noise protection and reduced capacity due to runway and ATC construction work, among other reasons. Environmental Regulation. The airline industry is subject to stringent federal, state, local and international environmental regulations, including those regulating emissions to air, water discharges, safe drinking water and the use and management of hazardous substances and wastes. The Company endeavors to comply with all applicable environmental regulations. Climate Change and Sustainability. As outlined above, the Company's commitment to becoming a more environmentally sustainable company extends beyond seeking to comply with regulatory requirements. At the same time, efforts to reduce carbon emissions through environmental sustainability legislation and regulation, or non-binding standards or accords, is an increased focus of global, national and regional regulators. The International Civil Aviation Organization's ("ICAO") Carbon Offsetting and Reduction Scheme for International Aviation ("CORSIA"), adopted in October 2016, is intended to be a single global market-based measure to achieve carbon-neutral growth for international aviation, by requiring airlines to purchase eligible carbon offsets for emissions through the 2024-2035 compliance periods. CORSIA also allows airlines to lower their carbon offsetting obligations through the use of eligible sustainable fuels. Offsetting requirements for a given year are determined by multiplying the operator's annual CO2 emissions by a sectoral growth factor established by the ICAO. In October 2025, the ICAO issued the 2024 annual sectoral growth factor, which was greater than zero for the first time. United's anticipated CORSIA compliance costs for the first phase, 2024-2026, for which compliance is intended to be demonstrated by 2028, may be substantial. The exact mechanism by which CORSIA will be implemented domestically is currently unknown as the federal government has not enacted legislation or regulations to implement the first phase of CORSIA. 13 Table of Contents Other jurisdictions are proposing or enacting regulations to limit GHG emissions from aviation. A policy to regulate GHG emissions from aviation known as the European Union ("EU") Emission Trading System ("ETS") was adopted in 2009, but applicability to flights arriving at or departing from airports outside the EU has been postponed several times, most recently until 2027. The extension of the EU ETS to extra-EU flights could still occur in future years, depending on the EU government's assessment of the effectiveness of CORSIA. Domestically, in December 2020, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency ("EPA") adopted its own aircraft and aircraft engine GHG emissions standards, which are aligned with the 2017 ICAO airplane CO 2 emission standards. In February 2024, the same standards were finalized by the FAA, mandating improved fuel-efficient technologies for airplanes manufactured after January 1, 2028. The Company believes that policies that incentivize the production of SAF, such as the passage of tax credit incentives for the production of SAF, will enable the Company to decarbonize its operations more cost efficiently than a patchwork of regulatory requirements on aviation, particularly those that require airlines to reduce flights or impose the cost of transitioning to low-carbon alternatives disproportionately on airlines. The Company lauded the adoption of incentives for SAF that were implemented at both the federal level and in several states and will continue to work with policymakers to adopt policies that incentivize the production of SAF to allow the industry to transition to a lower carbon future. In addition, while the Company continues to plan on meeting its mid-term and long-term climate goals without relying on voluntary, traditional carbon offsets, the Company may be subject to future regulatory requirements that require the purchase of non-voluntary, traditional carbon offsets, which may expose the Company to additional costs associated with the procurement of offsets or limited supply in the carbon offsets market. The Company believes that policies that promote in-sector emissions reductions, rather than carbon offset purchases, will better support the industry's transition to a lower carbon future. At the state level, the regulatory approach taken so far has largely been focused on incentivizing the production and use of SAF. Various states, including California, have developed low carbon fuel standards that incentivize the use of SAF, while others, including Illinois, have adopted SAF-specific tax credits. Globally, in the past several years, there has been a proliferation of SAF mandates requiring suppliers to blend a certain percentage of SAF into the jet fuel supply. In 2025, two significant SAF mandate policies went into effect: ReFuelEU and the UK's Renewable Transport Fuel Obligations (Sustainable Aviation Fuel) Order, both of which require aviation fuel suppliers to supply a minimum of 2% SAF into their jet fuel supply starting in 2025 and increasing in subsequent years. Outside of SAF uplift reporting obligations under ReFuelEU, these mandates do not impose compliance obligations on the Company but have led to significantly higher fuel prices across the EU and UK. Other countries are planning to implement similar policies. Costs from the proliferation of SAF mandates globally are expected to increase as the various mandated SAF blend targets increase each year and additional similar policies are adopted. Other regulations are also emerging globally that would require companies such as United to increasingly measure, disclose and mitigate environmental sustainability risks both within their operations and their supply chains, such as the EU's Corporate Sustainability Due Diligence Directive and Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive. At the state level, in October 2023, California enacted legislation that requires certain companies that do business in California to disclose certain climate-related information. These laws are currently subject to ongoing legal challenges and it is unclear how the legal challenges will impact the timeline for compliance with the California climate disclosure requirements. Other Regulations . Our operations are subject to a variety of other environmental laws and regulations both in the United States and internationally. These include noise-related restrictions on aircraft types and operating times and state and local air quality initiatives which have resulted in, or could in the future result in, curtailments in services, increased operating costs, limits on expansion or further emission reduction requirements. Certain airports and/or governments, both domestically and internationally, either have established or are seeking to establish environmental fees and other requirements applicable to carbon emissions, local air quality pollutants and/or noise and the use of products and material such as single-use plastics. The implementation of these requirements is expected to result in increased operational costs to develop compliance programs and strategies. Governmental authorities in the U.S. and abroad have passed legislation restricting the use of per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances ("PFAS") which have been used in manufacturing, industrial, and consumer applications, including those related to aviation. Certain state governments and local municipalities have adopted legislation prohibiting the use of Class B firefighting foam agents that contain intentionally added PFAS. As a result, the Company continues to incur costs to convert existing fixed foam fire suppression systems to accommodate PFAS-free firefighting foam agents. In addition, the EPA has developed the PFAS Strategic Roadmap, which includes regulatory actions across a wide spectrum of its statutory authorities, including the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act ("CERCLA"), the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, the Clean Water Act, the Toxic Substances Control Act and the Safe Drinking Water Act. The Company expects these broad regulatory policies, in addition to lease obligations, will increase the risk of incurring remediation costs and/or liabilities at current and former locations at which the Company currently or historically used fire-fighting foam agents or other 14 Table of Contents materials containing PFOA, PFOS or other PFAS substances. To mitigate these risks, the Company is working to remove PFAS-containing fire-fighting foam from its hangars and other assets through a phased retrofit/replacement strategy and is committed to transitioning to PFAS-free materials for fire suppression. Finally, environmental cleanup laws and lease obligations could require the Company to undertake (or subject the Company to liability for costs associated with) investigation and remediation actions at certain owned or leased locations or third-party disposal locations. Future costs to comply with such regulations will remain uncertain but are likely to increase our operating costs over time. Information about Our Executive Officers Below is a list of the Company's executive officers as of the date hereof, including their name, office(s) held and age. Name Position Age Torbjorn (Toby) J. Enqvist Executive Vice President and Chief Operations Officer 54 Kate Gebo Executive Vice President Human Resources and Labor Relations 57 Brett J. Hart President 56 J. Scott Kirby Chief Executive Officer 58 Michael Leskinen Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 46 Andrew Nocella Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer 56 Set forth below is a description of the background of each of the Company's executive officers. Executive officers are elected by UAL's Board for an initial term that continues until the first Board meeting following the next Annual Meeting of Stockholders and thereafter, are elected for a one-year term or until their successors have been chosen, or until their earlier death, resignation or removal. Executive officers serve at the discretion of the Board. Unless otherwise stated, employment is by UAL and United. There are no family relationships between any executive officer or director of UAL. Torbjorn (Toby) J. Enqvist. Mr. Enqvist has served as Executive Vice President and Chief Operations Officer of UAL and United since July 2022. From June 2021 to July 2022, he served as Executive Vice President and Chief Customer Officer of UAL and United. From August 2018 to May 2021, he served as Senior Vice President and Chief Customer Officer of UAL and United. From December 2017 to August 2018, he served as Senior Vice President of Network Operations and Customer Solutions of UAL and United. From July 2017 to December 2017, he served as Senior Vice President of Customer Solutions and Recovery of UAL and United. From December 2015 to June 2017, he served as Vice President Hubs Domestic International Line Stations. From January 2014 to November 2015, he served as Vice President Project Quality. From November 2011 to December 2013, he served as Vice President Newark Hub. From January 2010 to October 2011, he served as Vice President Security Environment Affairs. Mr. Enqvist joined Continental Airlines, Inc. ("Continental") in 1996. Kate Gebo. Ms. Gebo has served as Executive Vice President Human Resources and Labor Relations of UAL and United since December 2017. From November 2016 to November 2017, Ms. Gebo served as Senior Vice President, Global Customer Service Delivery and Chief Customer Officer of United. From October 2015 to November 2016, Ms. Gebo served as Vice President of the Office of the Chief Executive Officer of United. From November 2009 to October 2015, Ms. Gebo served as Vice President of Corporate Real Estate of United. Brett J. Hart. Mr. Hart has served as President of UAL and United since May 2020. From March 2019 to May 2020, he served as Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer of UAL and United. From May 2017 to March 2019, he served as Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer and General Counsel of UAL and United. From February 2012 to May 2017, he served as Executive Vice President and General Counsel of UAL and United. Mr. Hart served as acting Chief Executive Officer and principal executive officer of the Company, on an interim basis, from October 2015 to March 2016. From December 2010 to February 2012, he served as Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary of UAL, United and Continental. From June 2009 to December 2010, Mr. Hart served as Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary at Sara Lee Corporation, a consumer food and beverage company. From March 2005 to May 2009, Mr. Hart served as Deputy General Counsel and Chief Global Compliance Officer of Sara Lee Corporation. J. Scott Kirby. Mr. Kirby has served as Chief Executive Officer of UAL and United since May 2020. Mr. Kirby served as President of UAL and United from August 2016 to May 2020. Prior to joining the Company, from December 2013 to August 2016, Mr. Kirby served as President of American Airlines Group and American Airlines, Inc. Mr. Kirby also previously served as President of US Airways from October 2006 to December 2013. Mr. Kirby held other significant leadership roles at US Airways and at America West prior to the 2005 merger of those carriers, including Executive Vice President Sales and Marketing (2001 to 2006); Senior Vice President, e-business (2000 to 2001); Vice President, Revenue Management (1998 to 2000); Vice President, Planning (1997 to 1998); and Senior Director, Scheduling and Planning (1995 to 1998). Prior to joining America West, Mr. Kirby worked for American Airlines Decision Technologies and at the Pentagon. 15 Table of Contents Michael Leskinen. Mr. Leskinen has served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of UAL and United since September 2023. Mr. Leskinen served as Vice President of Corporate Development and Investor Relations of United from April 2019 to September 2023. In 2021, he added the title of President of UAV, an industry-first corporate venture capital fund that identifies and invests in opportunities to decarbonize air travel and enhance the customer travel experience. From January 2018 to April 2019, Mr. Leskinen served as Managing Director of Investor Relations of UAL and United. Prior to joining United, Mr. Leskinen was an executive director at J.P. Morgan Asset Management from 2013 to 2017, where he led the firm's investment efforts in aerospace, defense, and airlines. From 2009 to 2013, he worked at Oppenheimer Funds focused on the aerospace sector. Andrew Nocella. Mr. Nocella has served as Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer of UAL and United since September 2017. From February 2017 to September 2017, he served as Executive Vice President and Chief Revenue Officer of UAL and United. Prior to joining the Company, from August 2016 to February 2017, Mr. Nocella served as Senior Vice President, Alliances and Sales of American Airlines, Inc. From December 2013 to August 2016, he served as Senior Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer of American Airlines, Inc. From August 2007 to December 2013, he served as Senior Vice President, Marketing and Planning of US Airways. 16 Table of Contents ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. Any of the risks and uncertainties described below could significantly and negatively affect our business operations, financial condition, operating results (including components of our financial results), cash flows, prospects, reputation or credit ratings, which could cause the trading price of our common stock to decline significantly. Additional risks and uncertainties that are not presently known to us, or risks that we currently consider immaterial, could also impair our business operations, financial condition, operating results, cash flows, prospects, reputation or credit ratings. Strategic and Business Development Risks We may not be successful in executing elements of our strategic operating plan, which may have a material adverse impact on our business, financial results and market capitalization. United Next, the Company's strategic operating plan, includes firm orders of over 630 narrow- and widebody aircraft, retrofitting plans and plans to continue to increase mainline daily departures and available seats across the Company's North American network. In developing our United Next plan, we made certain assumptions including, but not limited to, customer demand (in light of changing economic conditions), fuel costs, delivery of aircraft, aircraft certification approval timelines, labor market constraints and related costs, supply chain constraints, inflationary pressures, voluntary or mandatory groundings of aircraft, our regional network, competition, market consolidation and other macroeconomic and geopolitical factors. We also subsequently adjusted certain of our assumptions as a result of the increase in costs due to infrastructure improvements, new labor contracts and aircraft maintenance that were needed to support our United Next plan as well as delays in aircraft deliveries. Actual conditions may be different from our assumptions at any time and could cause us to further adjust our strategic operating plan. In addition, we cannot provide any assurance that we will be able to successfully execute our strategic plan, that the growth we anticipate will occur through execution of our strategic plan will not exacerbate any other risk described in this Form 10-K (especially relating to fuel costs, the impact of economic pressures or geopolitical events, our supply chain or our ability to recruit, hire, develop and retain talent), that our strategic plan will not result in additional unanticipated costs, that our suppliers will timely provide adequate products or support for our products (including but not limited to certification and delivery of aircraft, engines and other aircraft parts) or that our strategic plan will result in improvements in future financial performance. If we do not successfully execute our United Next or other strategic plans, if actual results vary significantly from our expectations or if we otherwise fail to successfully structure our business to meet market conditions, our business, operating results, financial condition and market capitalization could be materially and adversely impacted. Changes in the Company's network strategy over time or other factors outside of the Company's control may make aircraft on order less economical for the Company, result in costs related to modification or termination of aircraft orders or cause the Company to enter into orders for new aircraft on less favorable terms, and any inability to accept or integrate new aircraft into the Company's fleet as planned could increase costs or affect the Company's flight schedules. The Company's orders for new aircraft are typically made years in advance of actual delivery of such aircraft and the financial commitment required for purchases of new aircraft is substantial. As a result of our network strategy changing or our demand expectations not being realized, our preference for the aircraft that we previously ordered may decrease; however, we may be responsible for material liabilities to our counterparties if we attempt to modify or terminate any of our existing aircraft order commitments and as a result our financial condition could be adversely impacted. These risks are heightened as a result of the Company's sizeable United Next aircraft orders. Additionally, the Company may have a need for additional aircraft that are not available under its existing firm orders or options and may seek to acquire aircraft from other sources, such as through lease arrangements, which may result in higher costs and/or less favorable terms, or through the purchase or lease of used aircraft. The Company may not be able to acquire such aircraft when needed on favorable terms or at all. Furthermore, if, for any reason, the Company is unable or does not want to accept deliveries of new aircraft or integrate such new aircraft into its fleet as planned, the Company may face higher financing and operating costs than planned or litigation risks, and may be required to seek extensions of the terms for certain leased aircraft or otherwise delay the exit of other aircraft from its fleet. Unanticipated extensions or delays may require the Company to operate existing aircraft beyond the point at which it is economically optimal to retire them, resulting in increased maintenance costs, or potentially requiring the Company to reduce its schedule, thereby reducing revenues. The imposition of new tariffs, any increase in existing tariffs, and retaliatory tariffs implemented by other countries where United operates, on the importation of commercial aircraft, engines or commercial aircraft parts that the Company orders may result in higher costs. In addition, to the extent our key aircraft, engine or aircraft parts suppliers are affected by tariffs and seek to pass those costs onto us, our costs of acquiring new aircraft, engine or aircraft parts could increase. 17 Table of Contents The failure to effectively manage acquisitions, divestitures, investments, joint ventures and other portfolio actions could adversely impact our operating results. In addition, any businesses or assets that we acquire in the future increase our exposure to unknown liabilities or other issues and also may underperform as compared to expectations. An important part of the Company's strategy to expand its global network and operate an environmentally sustainable, responsible and innovative airline has included making significant investments, both domestically and in other parts of the world, in other airlines and other aviation industry participants, producers of SAF, manufacturers of electric, hybrid and other new generation aircraft, and startups developing technologies in aerospace, next-generation air traffic control and aviation infrastructure, energy transition and AI-driven travel innovation. The Company plans to continue to make additional investments, including through its corporate venture capital arm, UAV, and through the Fund. However, since there are a limited number of potential arrangements, and other airlines and industry participants seek to enter into similar relationships, this may make it difficult for the Company to complete strategic investments on commercially reasonable terms or at all. These investments are inherently risky and may not be successful in meeting the Company's expectations. Future revenues, profits and cash flows of these and future investments and repayment of invested or loaned funds may not materialize due to safety concerns, regulatory issues, supply chain constraints or other factors beyond our control. Where we acquire debt or equity securities as all or part of the consideration for business development activities, such as in connection with a joint venture, the value of those securities will fluctuate and may depreciate in value. We may not control the companies in which we make investments and, as a result, we will have limited ability to determine their management, operational decisions, internal controls and compliance and other policies, which can result in additional financial and reputational risks. Further, acquisitions and investments create exposure to assumed litigation and unknown liabilities, as well as undetected internal control, regulatory compliance or other issues, or additional costs not anticipated at the time the transaction was completed, and our due diligence efforts may not identify such liabilities or issues, or they may not be fully disclosed to us. From time to time, we also divest assets. We may not be successful in separating any such assets, and losses on the divestiture of, or lost operating income from, such assets may adversely affect our earnings. Any divestitures also may result in continued financial exposure to the divested businesses following the transaction, such as through guarantees or other financial arrangements or potential litigation. In addition, we have incurred, and may again in the future incur, asset impairment charges related to acquisitions, divestitures, investments or joint ventures that have the effect of reducing our earnings. Moreover, new or revised accounting standards, rules and interpretations could result in changes to the recognition of income and expense that may materially and adversely affect our financial results. If the execution or implementation of acquisitions, divestitures, investments, joint ventures and other portfolio actions is not successful, it could adversely impact our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. In addition, due to the Company's substantial amount of debt, there are certain limitations on the Company's business development capacity. Further, pursuing these opportunities may require us to obtain additional equity or debt financing and could result in increased leverage and/or a downgrade of our credit ratings. Business, Operational and Industry Risks The Company could experience adverse publicity, increased regulatory scrutiny, harm to its brand, reduced travel demand, potential tort liability and operational restrictions as a result of an accident, catastrophe or incident involving its aircraft or its operations or the aircraft or operations of another airline, which may result in a material adverse effect on the Company's business, operating results or financial condition. An accident, catastrophe or incident involving an aircraft that the Company operates, or an aircraft or aircraft type that is operated by another airline, or an incident involving the Company's operations, or the operations of another airline, could have a material adverse effect on the Company if such accident, catastrophe or incident creates a public perception that the Company's operations, or the operations of its codeshare partners or regional carriers, are not safe or reliable, or are less safe or reliable than other airlines. Further, any such accident, catastrophe or incident involving the Company, its regional carriers or its codeshare partners could expose the Company to increased regulatory scrutiny and significant liability. For example, in 2024 the FAA conducted a review of the Company's safety and compliance oversight of its operations, though the FAA found no significant safety or compliance issues. Although the Company maintains liability insurance in amounts and of the type the Company believes to be consistent with industry practice to cover damages arising from any such accident, catastrophe or incident, and the Company's codeshare partners and regional carriers carry similar insurance and generally indemnify the Company for their operations, if the Company's liability exceeds the applicable policy limits or the ability of another carrier to indemnify it, the Company could 18 Table of Contents incur substantial losses from an accident, catastrophe or incident, which may result in a material adverse effect on the Company's business, operating results or financial condition. In addition, any such accident, catastrophe or incident involving the Company, its regional carriers or its codeshare partners could result in operational restrictions on the Company, including voluntary or mandatory groundings of aircraft. Voluntary or involuntary groundings have also impacted, and could in the future impact, the Company's financial results and operations in numerous ways, including reduced revenue, redistributions of other aircraft and deferrals of capital expenditure and other spending. A prolonged period of time operating a reduced fleet in circumstances such as these could result in a material adverse effect on the Company's business, operating results or financial condition. The global airline industry is highly competitive and susceptible to price discounting and changes in capacity, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. The airline industry is highly competitive, marked by significant competition with respect to routes, fares, schedules (both timing and frequency), services, products, customer service and frequent flyer programs. Consolidation in the airline industry, the rise of well-funded government sponsored international carriers, changes in international alliances, swaps of slots and the creation of immunized JBAs have altered and are expected to continue to alter the competitive landscape in the industry, resulting in the formation of airlines and alliances with increased financial resources, more extensive global networks and services and competitive cost structures. Open Skies agreements, including the agreements between the United States and each of the EU, Canada, Japan, Korea, New Zealand, Australia, Colombia, Panama, Mexico, Brazil and the UK, may also give rise to better integration opportunities among international carriers. Movement of airlines between current global airline alliances could reduce joint network coverage for members of such alliances while also creating opportunities for JBAs and bilateral alliances that did not exist before such realignment. Further airline and airline alliance consolidations or reorganizations could occur in the future, and other airlines participating in such activities may significantly improve their cost structures or revenue generation capabilities, thereby potentially making them stronger competitors of the Company and impairing the Company's ability to realize expected benefits from its own strategic relationships. Airlines also compete by increasing or decreasing their capacity, including route systems and the number of destinations served. Several of the Company's domestic and international competitors have increased their international capacity by including service to some destinations that the Company currently serves, causing overlap in destinations served and, therefore, increasing competition for those destinations. This increased competition in both domestic and international markets may have a material adverse effect on the Company's business, operating results and financial condition. The Company's U.S. operations are subject to competition from traditional network carriers, national point-to-point carriers and discount carriers, including low-cost carriers and ultra-low-cost carriers, that may have lower costs and provide service at lower fares to destinations also served by the Company. The significant presence of low-cost carriers and ultra-low-cost carriers, which engage in substantial price discounting, may diminish our ability to achieve sustained profitability on domestic and international routes and has also caused us to reduce fares for certain routes, resulting in lower yields on many domestic markets. Our ability to compete effectively, particularly in the domestic market, depends, in part, on our ability to maintain a competitive cost structure. If we cannot maintain our costs at a competitive level, then our business, operating results and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. In addition, our competitors have established new routes and destinations, including some at our hub airports, which may compete with our existing routes and destinations and expansion plans. Our international operations are subject to competition from both foreign and domestic carriers. For instance, competition is significant from government-subsidized competitors from certain Middle East countries. These carriers have large numbers of international widebody aircraft on order and are increasing service to the U.S. from their hubs in the Middle East. The government support provided to these carriers has allowed them to grow quickly, reinvest in their product, invest in other airlines and expand their global presence. We also face competition from foreign carriers operating under "fifth freedom" rights permitted under international treaties that allow certain carriers to provide service to and from stopover points between their home countries and ultimate destinations, including points in the United States, in competition with service provided by us. Through alliance and other marketing and codesharing agreements with foreign carriers, U.S. carriers have increased their ability to sell international transportation, such as services to and beyond traditional global gateway cities. Similarly, foreign carriers have obtained increased access to interior U.S. passenger traffic beyond traditional U.S. gateway cities through these relationships. In addition, several JBAs among U.S. and foreign carriers have received grants of antitrust immunity allowing the participating carriers to coordinate schedules, pricing, sales and inventory. If we are not able to continue participating in these types of alliance and other marketing and codesharing agreements in the future, our business, operating results and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. 19 Table of Contents Our MileagePlus loyalty program plays a significant role in our business, and unfavorable developments affecting the program could adversely affect our business and results of operations. Our MileagePlus loyalty program benefits from the attractiveness and competitiveness of United Airlines as a material purchaser of award miles and the majority recipient for mileage redemption. If we are not able to maintain a competitive and attractive airline business, our ability to acquire, engage and retain customers in the MileagePlus loyalty program may be adversely affected, which could adversely affect the loyalty program and our operating results and financial condition. Our MileagePlus loyalty program also faces significant and increasing direct competition from the frequent flyer programs offered by other airlines, as well as from similar loyalty programs offered by banks and other financial services companies. Competition among loyalty programs is intense regarding customer acquisition incentives, the value and utility of program currency, rewards range and value, fees, required usage, and other terms and conditions of these programs. If we are not able to maintain a competitive frequent flyer program, or if we make changes to our loyalty program, including as a result of legal or regulatory requirements or considerations, our ability to attract and retain customers to MileagePlus and United alike may be adversely affected, which could adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. Substantially all of the Company's aircraft, engines and certain parts are sourced from a limited number of suppliers; therefore, the Company would be materially and adversely affected if it were unable to obtain timely deliveries, additional equipment or support from any of these suppliers. The Company currently sources substantially all of its aircraft and many related aircraft parts from The Boeing Company ("Boeing") or Airbus S.A.S. ("Airbus"). In addition, our aircraft suppliers are dependent on other suppliers for certain other aircraft parts. The Company is also dependent on a limited number of suppliers for engines and certain other aircraft parts. Therefore, if the Company is unable to acquire additional aircraft, engines or aircraft parts at acceptable prices, or if the suppliers fail to make timely deliveries of aircraft, engines or aircraft parts (whether as a result of unavailability, increased FAA oversight of the production process, any failure or delay in obtaining regulatory approval or certification for new model aircraft, manufacturing delays or otherwise) or to provide adequate support for their products, including with respect to the aircraft subject to firm orders under our United Next plan, the Company's operations could be materially and adversely affected. For example, due to production delays, deliveries from Boeing and Airbus have been delayed in recent years, which caused the Company to rework its fleet plan, and the Company may experience further delays in the future which may impact our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. Many of our suppliers are experiencing inflationary pressures, as well as disruptions due to the lingering impacts of global supply chain disruption and labor market constraints and related costs. If one or more of our suppliers, our contractors or their subcontractors continue to experience financial difficulties, delivery delays or other performance problems, they may be unable to meet their commitments to us and our financial position, results of operations and cash flows may continue to be adversely impacted. Unfavorable economic and political conditions, in the United States and globally, may have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. The Company's business and operating results are significantly impacted by U.S. and global economic and political conditions. The airline industry is highly cyclical and the level of demand for air travel is correlated to the strength of the U.S. and global economies, including unemployment levels, consumer confidence levels and the availability of consumer and business credit. Air transportation is often a discretionary purchase that leisure travelers may limit or eliminate during difficult economic times. Short-haul travelers, in particular, have the option to replace air travel with surface travel. In addition, during periods of unfavorable economic conditions, business travelers historically have reduced the volume of their travel, either due to cost-saving initiatives, the replacement of travel with alternatives such as videoconferencing or as a result of decreased business activity requiring travel. Furthermore, an increase in price levels generally or in price levels in a particular sector (such as current inflationary pressures related to domestic and global supply chain constraints, which have led to both overall price increases and pronounced price increases in certain sectors) could result in a shift in consumer demand away from both leisure and business travel. Reduced or flat consumer spending may drive us and our competitors to reduce or offer promotional prices, which would negatively impact our gross margin. Any of the foregoing would adversely affect the Company's business and operating results. Significant declines in industry passenger demand, particularly with respect to the Company's business and premium cabin travelers and a reduction in fare levels could lead to a material reduction in revenue, changes to the Company's operations and deferrals of capital expenditure and other spending. Additionally, any deterioration in global trade relations, such as increased tariffs or other trade barriers, could result in a decrease in the demand for international air travel. The Company's business relies extensively on third-party service providers, including certain technology providers. Failure of these parties to perform as expected, or interruptions in the Company's relationships with these providers or their 20 Table of Contents provision of services to the Company, could have a material adverse effect on the Company's business, operating results and financial condition. The Company has engaged third-party service providers to perform a large number of functions that are integral to its business, including regional operations, operation of customer service call centers, distribution and sale of airline seat inventory, provision of information technology infrastructure and services, transmitting or uploading of data, provision of aircraft maintenance and repairs, provision of various utilities and performance of airport ground services, aircraft fueling operations, catering services and air cargo handling services, among other vital functions and services. Although generally the Company enters into agreements that define expected service performance and compliance requirements, there can be no assurance that our third-party service providers will adhere to these requirements. Accordingly, any of these third-party service providers may materially fail to meet their service performance commitments to the Company or may suffer disruptions to their systems, labor groups or supply chains that could impact their services. For example, failures in certain third-party technology or communications systems have caused, and may in the future cause, flight d