=== UAL_2026-02-12.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors and in Part II, Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. We disclaim any intent or obligation to update or revise any of the forward-looking statements, whether in response to new information, unforeseen events, changed circumstances or otherwise, except as required by applicable law. PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS. Overview United Airlines Holdings, Inc. (together with its consolidated subsidiaries, "UAL" or the "Company") is a holding company and its wholly-owned subsidiary is United Airlines, Inc. (together with its consolidated subsidiaries, "United"). United's shared purpose is "Connecting People. Uniting the World." United has the most comprehensive route network among North American carriers, including U.S. mainland hubs in Chicago, Denver, Houston, Los Angeles, New York/Newark, San Francisco and Washington, D.C. As UAL consolidates United for financial statement purposes, disclosures that relate to activities of United also apply to UAL, unless otherwise noted. United's operating revenues and operating expenses comprise nearly 100% of UAL's revenues and operating expenses. In addition, United comprises approximately the entire balance of UAL's assets, liabilities and operating cash flows. When appropriate, UAL and United are named specifically for their individual contractual obligations and related disclosures and any significant differences between the operations and results of UAL and United are separately disclosed and explained. We sometimes use the words "we," "our," "us," and the "Company" in this report for disclosures that relate to all of UAL and United. The Company's principal executive office is located at 233 South Wacker Drive, Chicago, Illinois 60606 (telephone number (872) 825-4000). The Company's website is located at www.united.com and its investor relations website is located at ir.united.com. The information contained on or connected to the Company's websites is not incorporated by reference into this Form 10-K and should not be considered part of this or any other report filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). The Company's filings with the SEC, including annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and all amendments to those reports, as well as UAL's proxy statement for its annual meeting of stockholders, are accessible without charge on the Company's investor relations website, as soon as reasonably practicable, after we electronically file such material with, or furnish such material to, the SEC pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Such filings are also available on the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. Operations The Company transports people and cargo throughout North America and to destinations in Asia, Europe, Africa, the Pacific, the Middle East and Latin America. UAL, through United and its regional carriers, operates across six continents, with hubs at Chicago O'Hare International Airport ("ORD"), Denver International Airport ("DEN"), George Bush Intercontinental Airport ("IAH"), Los Angeles International Airport ("LAX"), Newark Liberty International Airport ("EWR"), San Francisco International Airport ("SFO"), Washington Dulles International Airport ("IAD") and A.B. Won Pat International Airport ("GUM"). All of the Company's domestic hubs are located in large business and population centers, contributing to a large amount of "origin and destination" traffic. The hub and spoke system allows us to transport passengers between a large number of destinations with substantially more frequent service than if each route were served directly. The hub system also allows us to add service to a new destination from a large number of cities using only one or a limited number of aircraft. As discussed under Alliances below, United is a member of Star Alliance, the world's largest alliance network. United Next. In 2025 the Company continued to make progress with its United Next plan to align its network and product with the potential of its hubs while remaining focused on protecting the safety of its employees and customers and providing a superior customer experience. United Next aims to increase customer choice and win brand-loyal customers by offering a diversity of products ranging from Basic Economy to Polaris and growing our leading global network, which the Company believes will lead to diverse revenue streams for the Company. As part of its United Next growth plan, the Company expects to 3 Table of Contents take delivery of over 630 new narrow- and widebody aircraft by the end of 2034. The new aircraft that the Company has taken delivery of to date have increased the Company's gauge, scale and connectivity as well as improved the Company's fuel efficiency. Other key highlights of its United Next plan include: increasing our employee headcount by more than 38,000 employees since 2020; surpassing 530 new and retrofit aircraft featuring United's signature interior with bigger bins, seatback screens at every seat and Bluetooth connectivity; expanding the Company's leading global network to destinations like Bangkok, Thailand; Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam; and Adelaide, Australia. inaugurating service to eight new destinations: Nuuk, Greenland; Ulaanbaatar, Mongolia; Faro, Portugal; Puerto Escondido, Mexico; Palermo, Italy; Bilbao, Spain; and Madeira Island, Portugal. launching Kinective Media SM the first media network that uses insights from travel behaviors to connect customers to personalized advertising, experiences and offers from leading brands; bringing Starlink's Wi-Fi service (the world's fastest, most reliable Wi-Fi in the sky) to our United Express regional aircraft and beginning installation on our mainline aircraft; and making significant technology changes that empower the Company's employees and improve the customer experience. Regional. The Company's business and operations are dependent on its regional flight network, with regional capacity accounting for approximately 6.1% of the Company's total capacity for the year ended December 31, 2025. The Company has contractual relationships with various regional carriers to provide regional aircraft service branded as United Express. This regional service complements our operations by carrying traffic that connects to our hubs and allows flights to smaller cities that cannot be provided economically with mainline aircraft. CommuteAir LLC ("CommuteAir"), GoJet Airlines, LLC ("GoJet"), Mesa Airlines, Inc. ("Mesa"), Republic Airways Inc. ("Republic") and SkyWest Airlines, Inc. ("SkyWest") are all regional carriers that operate with capacity contracted to United under capacity purchase agreements ("CPAs"). Under these CPAs, the Company pays the regional carriers contractually agreed fees (carrier costs) for operating these flights plus a variable rate adjustment based on agreed performance metrics, subject to annual adjustments. The fees are based on rates multiplied by specific operating statistics (e.g., block hours, departures), as well as fixed monthly amounts. Under these CPAs, the Company is also responsible for all fuel costs incurred, as well as landing fees and other costs, which are either passed through by the regional carrier to the Company without any markup or directly incurred by the Company. In some cases, the Company owns some or all of the aircraft subject to the CPA and leases such aircraft to the regional carrier. In return, the regional carriers operate the capacity of the aircraft included within the scope of such CPA exclusively for United, on schedules determined by the Company. The Company also determines pricing and revenue management, assumes the inventory and distribution risk for the available seats and permits mileage accrual and redemption for regional flights through its MileagePlus loyalty program. Alliances. United is a member of Star Alliance, a global integrated airline network and the largest and most comprehensive airline alliance in the world. In 2025, Star Alliance member carriers continued to serve more than 1,150 airports in more than 190 countries and territories with 17,500 average daily departures. Star Alliance members, in addition to United, are Aegean Airlines, Air Canada, Air China, Air India, Air New Zealand, All Nippon Airways ("ANA"), Asiana Airlines, Austrian Airlines, Aerov as del Continente Americano (Avianca), Brussels Airlines, Copa Airlines, Croatia Airlines, EGYPTAIR, Ethiopian Airlines, EVA Air, LOT Polish Airlines, Lufthansa, Shenzhen Airlines, Singapore Airlines, South African Airways, SWISS, TAP Air Portugal, THAI Airways International and Turkish Airlines. In addition to its members, Star Alliance includes Shanghai-based Juneyao Airlines as a connecting partner and Germany-based Deutsche Bahn and Austria-based BB Austrian Federal Railways as railway intermodal partners. Lufthansa City Airlines joined Star Alliance as part of Lufthansa. United has a variety of bilateral commercial alliance agreements and obligations with Star Alliance members, addressing, among other things, reciprocal earning and redemption of frequent flyer miles, access to airport lounges and, with certain Star Alliance members, codesharing of flight operations (whereby one carrier's selected flights can be marketed under the brand name of another carrier). In addition to the alliance agreements with Star Alliance members, United currently maintains independent alliance agreements with other air carriers, including Aer Lingus, Air Dolomiti, Airlink, Azul Linhas A reas Brasileiras, Cape Air, Discover Airlines, Edelweiss Air, Emirates, Eurowings, flydubai, Hawaiian Airlines, ITA Airways, JetBlue, JetSuiteX, Olympic Air and Virgin Australia Airlines. United also participates in four passenger joint business arrangements ("JBAs"): one with Air Canada and the Lufthansa Group (which includes Lufthansa and its affiliates Air Dolomiti, Austrian Airlines, Brussels Airlines, Discover Airlines, Edelweiss, Eurowings, Lufthansa City Airlines and SWISS) covering transatlantic routes, one with ANA covering certain transpacific 4 Table of Contents routes, one with Air New Zealand covering certain routes between the United States and New Zealand, and one with Air Canada covering certain United States and Canada transborder routes. These passenger JBAs enable the participating carriers to integrate the services they provide in the respective regions, capturing revenue synergies and delivering enhanced customer benefits, such as highly competitive flight schedules, fares and services. Separate from the passenger JBAs, United is also a party to a JBA with Lufthansa for transatlantic cargo services. This cargo JBA offers expanded and more seamless access to cargo space across the carriers' respective combined networks. Loyalty Program. United's MileagePlus loyalty program builds customer loyalty by offering awards, benefits and services to program participants. Members in this program earn miles for flights on United, United Express, Star Alliance members and certain other airlines that participate in the program. Members can also earn miles by purchasing goods and services from our network of non-airline partners, such as domestic and international credit card issuers, retail merchants, hotels and car rental companies. Members can redeem miles for free (other than taxes and government-imposed fees), discounted or upgraded travel and non-travel awards. United has an agreement with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. ("Chase"), pursuant to which members of United's MileagePlus loyalty program who are residents of the United States can earn miles for making purchases using a MileagePlus credit card issued by Chase (the "Co-Brand Agreement"). The Co-Brand Agreement also provides for joint marketing and other support for the MileagePlus credit card and provides Chase with other benefits such as permission to market to the Company's customer database. In 2025, approximately 10.9 million MileagePlus flight awards were used on United and United Express. These awards represented approximately 10.3% of United's total revenue passenger miles. Total miles redeemed for flights on United and United Express, including class-of-service upgrades, represented approximately 90% of the total miles redeemed. In addition, excluding miles redeemed for flights on United and United Express, MileagePlus members redeemed miles for approximately 4.3 million other awards. These awards include United Club memberships, car and hotel awards, merchandise and flights on other air carriers. Air Cargo. The Company provides freight and mail transportation services ("Air Cargo"). The majority of Air Cargo services are provided to commercial businesses, freight forwarders, logistics firms and national postal services. Through our global network, the Company's Air Cargo operations are able to connect the world's major freight gateways. The Company generates Air Cargo revenues in domestic and international markets through the use of cargo capacity on regularly scheduled passenger flights, interline and charter flights, and ground trucking arrangements. Distribution Channels. The Company sells airline tickets and ancillary products through a wide range of distribution channels, including direct channels such as the Company's website at www.united.com and the Company's mobile app, as well as traditional travel agencies, online travel agencies ("OTAs") and other intermediaries. The Company seeks to make its products available across these channels to support customer choice, subject to the technological capabilities and commercial arrangements applicable to each channel. The Company continues to invest in modernizing its distribution systems, including enhancements to its direct channels and implementing New Distribution Capability ("NDC"), to support the marketing and sale of its products. Direct channels, including the Company's website, the Company's mobile app and NDC-enabled channels, provide opportunities to better differentiate the Company's offerings, present richer content, deliver more relevant offers, strengthen customer relationships, improve customer service, enhance brand engagement and reduce ticket distribution costs. However, a portion of the Company's ticket sales continues to be distributed through legacy distribution technology, which may involve higher costs and more limited functionality compared to the Company's direct and NDC channels. Third-Party Business. United generates third-party business revenue that includes maintenance services, frequent flyer award non-travel redemptions, flight academy and ground handling. Aircraft Fuel. The table below summarizes the fuel consumption and expense of UAL's aircraft (including the operations of our regional carriers operating under CPAs) during the last three years. Year Gallons Consumed (in millions) Fuel Expense (in millions) Average Price Per Gallon Percentage of Total Operating Expense 2025 4,663 $ 11,396 $ 2.44 21 % 2024 4,444 $ 11,756 $ 2.65 23 % 2023 4,205 $ 12,651 $ 3.01 26 % Our operational and financial results can be significantly impacted by changes in the price and availability of aircraft fuel. The Company routinely enters into purchase contracts based on expected fuel requirements primarily for UAL aircraft (including regional carriers operating under CPAs) that are generally indexed to various market price benchmarks for aircraft fuel. These 5 Table of Contents contracts customarily do not provide material protection against changes in market prices or guarantee the uninterrupted availability of adequate quantities of aircraft fuel. The price of aircraft fuel used by our operations has fluctuated in the past and is expected to remain volatile due to numerous factors including the increasing adoption of mandated SAF across certain markets. The Company's current strategy is to not enter into financial transactions to hedge the market price exposure of its expected fuel consumption, although the Company regularly reviews its strategy based on market conditions and other factors. Industry Conditions Domestic Competition. The domestic airline industry is highly competitive and dynamic. The Company's competitors consist primarily of other airlines and, to a certain extent, other forms of transportation. Currently, any U.S. carrier deemed fit by the U.S. Department of Transportation (the "DOT") is largely free to operate scheduled passenger service between any two points within the United States. Competition can be direct, in the form of another carrier flying the exact non-stop route, or indirect, where a carrier serves the same two cities non-stop from an alternative airport in that city or via an itinerary requiring a connection at another airport. Air carriers' cost structures are not uniform and are influenced by numerous factors. Carriers with lower costs may offer lower fares to passengers, which could have a potential negative impact on the Company's revenues. Domestic pricing decisions are impacted by intense competitive pressure exerted on the Company by other U.S. airlines. In order to remain competitive and maintain passenger traffic levels, we often find it necessary to match competitors' discounted fares. International Competition. Internationally, the Company competes not only with U.S. airlines, but also with foreign carriers. International competition has increased and may continue to increase in the future as a result of airline mergers and acquisitions, JBAs, alliances, restructurings, liberalization of aviation bilateral agreements and new or increased service by competitors. Competition on international routes is subject to varying degrees of governmental regulation. The Company's ability to compete successfully with non-U.S. carriers on international routes depends in part on its ability to generate traffic to and from the entire United States via its integrated domestic route network and its ability to overcome business and operational challenges across its network worldwide. Foreign carriers currently are prohibited by U.S. law from carrying local passengers between two points in the United States and the Company generally experiences comparable restrictions in foreign countries. Separately, "fifth freedom rights" allow the Company to operate between points in two different foreign countries and foreign carriers may also have fifth freedom rights between the U.S. and another foreign country. In the absence of fifth freedom rights, or some other extra-bilateral right to conduct operations between two foreign countries, U.S. carriers are constrained from carrying passengers to points beyond designated international gateway cities. To compensate partially for these structural limitations, U.S. and foreign carriers have entered into alliances, immunized JBAs and marketing arrangements that enable these carriers to exchange traffic between each other's flights and route networks. Through these arrangements, the Company strives to provide consumers with a growing number of seamless, cost-effective and convenient travel options. See "Alliances" for additional information. Seasonality. The air travel business is subject to seasonal fluctuations. Although the Company's fourth quarter revenue exceeded each of the second quarter and third quarter in 2025, historically, demand for air travel is higher in the second and third quarters, driving higher revenues, than in the first and fourth quarters, which are periods of lower travel demand. Our Approach to Corporate Citizenship and Value Creation At United "Good Leads the Way" is more than a slogan; it fuels our mission to build the world's biggest and best airline. Our employees around the world are joined together to enable connections that matter and move society whether it is connecting people across cultures, flying a loved one to a wedding, connecting medical professionals at a breakthrough conference or getting a business traveler to an important meeting or back home in time for a child's big game. Today United is viewed not only as a leader among our peer airlines but as a leader among the world's largest corporations. Our leadership is driven by our desire to blaze new trails by being a force for good, responsive to the world in which we operate, responsible for our actions and committed to doing the right thing. United has devoted its brand, reputation, resources, time and effort to pursuing corporate citizenship goals aimed to generate the most impactful results that we can create. Simply, we aspire to use our influence and scale to lead in a way that inspires the world to action. Over the last few years, we have made historic investments to fight climate change and provided career opportunities to thousands of people. We set forth below three of our corporate citizenship focus areas. Safety Culture At United, safety is first in everything that the Company does and is its first service standard of Core4 (the Company is safe, then caring, dependable and efficient). Guided by the overarching message that there are "No Small Roles in Safety," the Company is concentrated on promoting a strong safety culture to help ensure that every employee across United holds 6 Table of Contents themselves and each other to the highest safety standards. The Company's laser focus on the health, safety and security of its employees and customers is not only essential to its operational and financial success but also defines the Company as an organization making safety accountability a non-negotiable aspect of its culture. The Company's FAA-approved Safety Management System ("SMS") is a cornerstone component that helps enable the Company to uphold regulatory compliance safety standards, proactively identify hazards, mitigate risks and elevate corrective actions to help ensure the safety of its customers and employees. The Company continues to evaluate, expand and shape its SMS to incorporate new areas of the business to help reduce risk as the Company grows its aircraft fleet and expands the destinations that it serves. In addition, just as the Company has invested in infrastructure, technology and tools, the Company is also investing in the training and development of its employees especially those who are new to United to help ensure they gain proficiency in their roles and stay safe in the workplace. The Company's approach to safety entails four overarching objectives: 1. A just culture. The Company focuses on fostering an engaged, proactive and just safety culture that prioritizes and protects the well-being and safety of all employees. 2. Regulatory compliance. Maintaining a culture whereby the Company's employees are required to consistently follow and adhere to policies and regulatory requirements is one of the Company's pillars. 3. Flight safety. Reducing flight safety and operational risks by keeping the Company's aircraft safe and airworthy is a cornerstone of the Company's safety objectives. 4. Standard operating procedure. The Company drives adherence to its standard operating procedures to help ensure an accountable, consistent and safe operation. The Company's Board provides significant oversight of its safety processes and procedures, which includes a review of management's development, implementation and maintenance of the Company's safety management system, objectives, culture, training and reporting. Board meeting sessions typically start with a presentation on current and potential future safety considerations affecting the Company both in the air and on the ground. Environmental Sustainability Strategy The Company's commitment to operating an environmentally sustainable airline is woven into its long-term strategy. The Company believes that it is critical to continue to serve its purpose of connecting people and uniting the world and is focused on finding actionable solutions that reduce the environmental impact of its operations and manage operational costs in its energy supply while also achieving its financial goals and creating long-term value for its stockholders. At the end of 2020, the Company pledged a net zero goal to reduce its greenhouse gas ("GHG") emissions by 100% by 2050 without relying on the use of voluntary, traditional carbon offsets 1 . To support its net zero goal, the Company also established a mid-term target of reducing, compared to 2019, its carbon emissions intensity by 50% by 2035, which has been validated by the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi). The Company's sustainability strategy continues to be centered around four key pillars, each of which is described in further detail below: (i) drive fuel efficiencies and innovation in flight; (ii) adopt more sustainable alternatives to conventional jet fuel; (iii) integrate sustainability efforts at every altitude; and (iv) collaborate with partners. These pillars cover not only long-term actions within the Company's operations but also support the low-carbon transition of the transportation and aviation industry as a whole. The Company is hopeful that its sustainability strategy will help position it to succeed in an increasingly resource-constrained world. The Company's Board of Directors (the "Board"), including through its Public Responsibility Committee, provides oversight of its environmental sustainability and climate-related strategic goals and objectives to ensure integration with its core business strategy. Management periodically updates the Board on the implementation of the Company's climate strategic goals and objectives. The Board, including through its Public Responsibility Committee, also oversees management's identification, evaluation and monitoring of environmental (including climate-related) trends, issues, concerns, risks and opportunities that affect or could affect the Company's reputation, business activities, strategies and performance. 1 Traditional carbon offsets refer to carbon credits generated through the avoidance and/or reduction of CO 2 emissions that would have otherwise occurred outside a company's value chain. Traditional carbon offsets do not include certificates conveying the attributes of renewable energy or sustainable aviation fuel, or credits related to the removal of CO 2 from the atmosphere. 7 Table of Contents Drive fuel efficiencies and innovation in flight : As part of this plan, the Company is focused on improving fuel efficiency in its operations. Its main focus in realizing this objective is optimizing its conventional jet fuel consumption, which is both the largest contributor to its environmental footprint and, as noted above, a sizable expense for the Company. To do so, the Company is prioritizing the introduction of newer, more fuel-efficient aircraft into its fleet as part of its United Next plan, as well as improving the fuel efficiency of its existing fleet. In conjunction with improving the fuel efficiency of its fleet, the Company has been incorporating fuel efficiency considerations within flight and ground operations, including implementing operational and procedural initiatives designed to drive fuel conservation. The Company has worked collaboratively across its organization and with Air Traffic Control ("ATC") providers to strive to improve fuel efficiency through the implementation of best practices and by training its pilots and dispatchers and supplying them with the necessary tools to execute those strategies. Adopt more sustainable alternatives to jet fuel : The Company believes that large-scale adoption of sustainable aviation fuel ("SAF") in its operations is critical to helping mitigate its exposure to volatile fuel prices and achieving its environmental goals. SAF is an alternative to conventional jet fuel that can emit up to 85% less GHG emissions on a lifecycle basis relative to conventional jet fuel and is considered 'drop-in' ready, which means that it can be used in current operations with existing aircraft and infrastructure with few to no additional alterations required. SAF can help diversify the Company's jet fuel supply, which is its second largest operating expense and is subject to volatile global prices. Reducing its fuel consumption while diversifying its fuel supply with SAF can enhance the Company's resiliency in the face of conventional jet fuel price spikes. The Company is working with strategic partners to scale and commercialize the use of SAF : While the Company currently is an aviation leader in investing in technologies focused on decarbonizing aviation and its associated energy supply chains, SAF supply in the jet fuel market is constrained and represents, according to industry estimates, less than 1% of global commercial aviation fuel usage. Additionally, the purchase of SAF today comes with a price premium, compared to conventional jet fuel. As a result, in 2024, the total volume of SAF used in the Company's operations remained approximately 0.3% of its total aviation fuel usage. These challenges with present-day SAF have informed the Company's strategy of investing in technology to help scale the SAF market and unlock future supply for the Company. The Company has an established history of investment in, and use of, SAF. Beginning in 2015, the Company made its first investment in a company working to commercialize SAF production. In 2016, the Company became the first airline globally to start using SAF in its regular operations on an ongoing basis. The Company has progressed its SAF strategy with several notable milestones, including the following: In 2021 the Company launched its first-of-its-kind Eco-Skies Alliance program for corporations to help advance the SAF market by working with the Company to fund the price premium for SAF. The Company also established UAV, a corporate venture capital arm that seeks to invest in promising sustainable aviation technologies and innova