=== TDY_2026-02-20.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors , there are risks associated with doing business with the U.S. Government. In 2025, approximately 81% of our U.S. Government prime contracts and subcontracts were fixed-price type contracts, compared with 78% in 2024, with the remaining U.S. Government contracts related to cost-reimbursable contracts ( cost-type ) contracts. Under fixed-price type contracts, we bear the inherent risk that actual performance cost may exceed the fixed contract price. Such contracts are typically not subject to renegotiation if we fail to anticipate technical problems, estimate costs accurately or control costs during performance. Additionally, U.S. Government contracts are subject to termination by the U.S. Government at its convenience, without identification of any default. When contracts are terminated for convenience, we can recover costs incurred or committed, settlement expenses and profit on work completed prior to termination. During 2025 and 2024, contracts terminated by the U.S. Government did not materially impact our results of operations. Many of our U.S. Government contracts are awarded after a competitive bidding process in which we seek to emphasize our ability to provide superior products and technical solutions. Raw Materials and Suppliers Most raw materials used in our operations are readily available. Some raw materials are purchased from a limited set of suppliers, including international sources, due to technical capability, price and other factors. We leverage our existing supplier relationships and are not dependent on any one supplier for a material amount of our purchases. While some of our businesses provide services, for those businesses that sell products, a portion of the value that we provide is labor-oriented, such as design, engineering, assembly and test activities. In manufacturing our products, we use our own production capabilities and third-party suppliers and subcontractors, including international sources. At times, we have experienced difficulty in procuring raw materials, components, sub-assemblies and other supplies required in our manufacturing processes due to shortages and supplier-imposed allocation of components. Marketing Our sales and marketing approach varies by segment and by products within our segments. A shared fundamental tenet is the commitment to work closely with our customers to understand their needs, with an aim to secure preferred supplier and longer-term relationships. Given the technical nature of our products, we conduct our marketing activities through a direct internal sales force as well as third-party sales representatives and distributors. Several Teledyne businesses, including across our segments, are marketing and selling products collaboratively to certain customers. Competition Because of the diversity of products we sell and the number of markets we serve, we encounter a wide variety of competitors, none of which we believe offer the same product and service lines or serve all of the same markets as we do. Although we have certain advantages that we believe help us compete effectively in our markets, each of our markets is highly competitive. Our businesses compete on quality, product performance and reliability, technical expertise, price, and service. Many of our competitors have, and potential competitors could have, greater name recognition, a larger installed base of products, more extensive engineering, manufacturing, marketing and distribution capabilities and greater financial, technological and personnel resources than we do. 4 Table of Contents Intellectual Property We own and control various intellectual property rights, including patents, trade secrets, confidential information, trademarks, trade names and copyrights. We license patents, technology and other intellectual property rights owned and controlled by others. Similarly, other companies license patents, technology and other intellectual property rights owned and controlled by us. We do not consider any single patent or trademark, or any group of them, essential either to Teledyne s business as a whole or to any one of our reportable segments. The annual royalties received or paid under license agreements are not significant to any of our reportable segments or to our overall operations. Patents, patent applications and license agreements will expire or terminate over time by operation of law, in accordance with their terms or otherwise. We do not expect the expiration or termination of these patents, patent applications and license agreements to have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. Environment and Other Government Regulations Information with respect to environmental matters is set forth under Other Matters Environmental of Item 7 . Management s Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operation and Financial Condition and Note 17 . No material capital expenditures relating to environmental compliance are presently anticipated. See Note 17 for additional discussion of other government regulations. Sustainability Teledyne continues to focus on developing solutions to address sustainability and climate challenges facing humanity today. Many of our products directly support sustainability and climate challenges. We provide a broad range of precision measurement technologies for environmental monitoring and climate research. Our sensors and instruments are deployed everywhere: in space, on aircraft and drones, on land, on the sea surface, in the water column, and on the seafloor. They operate around the clock, measuring greenhouse gases ( GHGs ) from space, precisely monitoring air and water quality throughout the world, and continuously profiling the Earth s oceans. Applications of our instruments provide scientists with information that spans time from the origin of the universe to providing real-time data regarding air pollution and dangerous storms, such as time-critical warnings of hurricanes and tsunamis. In November 2022, we published our second Corporate Social Responsibility ( CSR ) report, in which we disclose and highlight some of our most recent efforts focused on sustainability and environmental social and governance ( ESG ). We published supplements to the CSR report in 2023, 2024 and 2025, which included updated information. The CSR report together with its supplements, which is not incorporated by reference in this document, is available at the CSR link on our website at www.teledyne.com under the tab Who We Are . The CSR report and its supplements include data on Teledyne s combined direct emissions ( Scope 1 ) and indirect emissions from purchased energy ( Scope 2 ), workplace safety, water usage, waste generation and recycling and workplace demographics. In 2021, we compiled the first global inventory of our GHG emissions (starting with fiscal year 2020) and have developed a GHG monitoring and management plan. We have set a goal to reduce our combined Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions in company operations, normalized for revenue, by 40% from 2020 levels by the end of 2040. Going forward, we will continue to evaluate our emission reduction goals, while at the same time providing the tools and technologies that enable environmental science and climatology across the globe. More information about our carbon footprint and GHG emission reduction efforts and goals, and the contributions that Teledyne products make to carbon monitoring and environmental and climate science can be found in our CSR report and its supplements. Pursuant to the mandate in their respective charters, the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors (the Board ) regularly reviews matters related to compliance with environmental laws and the health and safety of employees, and the Nominating and Governance Committee of our Board reviews and evaluates our policies and practices and monitors our efforts in the areas of legal and social responsibility, sustainability, and other governance matters. 5 Table of Contents Human Capital We consider our relations with our employees to be good. At December 28, 2025, our total workforce consisted of approximately 15,800 employees in 38 countries. Workforce demographics for various regions are provided below: Gender (Self-Reported) Percent of Total Employees Average Age Average Years of Service Male Female Not Specified Americas 64% 48.9 10.1 65% 33% 2% Europe, the Middle East and Africa 33% 44.6 10.4 70% 24% 6% Asia-Pacific Region 3% 43.7 8.5 67% 25% 8% We have a stable and long-tenured workforce. In 2025, our voluntary employee turnover was approximately 8%. As of December 28, 2025, the average years of service of our employees was approximately 10 years. Employees are vital to the success of our growth strategy. Our goal is to maintain a safe, hospitable and inclusive work environment in which every employee is encouraged to contribute to the success of the Company. We are focused on attracting, developing and retaining employees through competitive compensation and benefits, workforce and management development, succession planning, corporate culture, and leadership quality, in compliance with applicable regulations. We strive to recruit the best possible candidate for each role. The health and wellness of our employees is a critical component to the success of our business. Many of our larger facilities have on-site fitness centers and encourage healthy choices with various wellness challenge programs. These programs often include guest speakers on various topics, including mental health, heart disease, diabetes and personal financial awareness. We also have vacation and sick leave policies that provide employees with flexibility to take time away from work for relaxation or to recover from illness. The majority of our employees (including all full-time employees in the United States, Canada and the UK) have access to our employee assistance program, which includes third-party counseling and mental health services at no cost to the employee when life events impact an employee. We are committed to identifying and developing the talents of our next generation of leaders. On an annual basis, we conduct an organization and leadership review for segment, business unit, and function leaders, focusing on our high performing and high potential talent and succession for our most critical roles. From this review, individualized development and retention programs are implemented or revised as needed. We also provide additional opportunities for our existing employees to enhance their careers. We invest in employee skills development in various ways, including through educational expense reimbursement. Specialized training in a job-related field gives employees new skills and a strong foundation of knowledge that can serve them throughout their career and that may allow them to progress to more responsible positions at Teledyne. We provide courses, webinars, and certification programs and targeted training programs on management, technical competencies, soft skills development and compliance. Select, high-potential employees also receive strategic and operational leadership skills development through our leadership development program. Available Information Teledyne s website is www.teledyne.com. We make available on our website, free of charge, annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and current reports on Form 8-K pursuant to Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ) as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file or furnish such material to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ) at www.sec.gov . We will provide, free of charge, a paper copy of any report we file with the SEC (without exhibits) upon written request to Melanie S. Cibik, Executive Vice President, General Counsel, Chief Compliance Officer and Secretary, at Teledyne Technologies Incorporated, 1049 Camino Dos Rios, Thousand Oaks, California 91360-2362. We have included our website addresses throughout this report as inactive textual references only. The information contained on the websites referenced herein is not incorporated into this Form 10-K. 6 Table of Contents Item 1A. Risk Factors Risk Factors The following discussion sets forth the material risk factors that could affect Teledyne s financial condition and operations. You should not consider any descriptions of these factors to be a complete set of all potential risks that could affect Teledyne. Any risk factor discussed below could by itself, or combined with other factors, materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, competitive position or reputation, including by materially increasing expenses or decreasing revenues, which could result in material losses or a decrease in earnings. Risks Related to our Business and Industry A possible recession in the United States or globally may adversely affect us. We sell products and services to customers in industries that are sensitive to the level of general economic activity and consumer spending habits. If another recession emerges, either globally or in the United States, we may experience declines in revenues, profitability and cash flows from reduced orders, payment delays, collection difficulties, increased price pressures for our products, increased risk of excess and obsolete inventories or other factors caused by the economic problems of our customers. Acquisitions and our ability to make acquisitions involve inherent risks that may adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. Our growth strategy includes acquisitions. Acquisitions involve various inherent risks, such as: our ability to assess accurately the value, strengths, weaknesses, internal controls, contingent and other liabilities and potential profitability of acquisition candidates; difficulties in integrating acquired businesses, including the potential loss of key personnel from an acquired business, our potential inability to achieve identified financial, operating and other synergies anticipated to result from an acquisition, and integration issues associated with internal controls of acquired businesses; the diversion of management s attention from our existing businesses; the potential impairment of assets; potential unknown liabilities associated with a business that we acquire or in which we invest, including environmental liabilities; new and proposed regulations limiting the enforcement of noncompetition and nonsolicitation agreements; production delays associated with consolidating acquired facilities and manufacturing operations; pre-existing vulnerabilities, including cybersecurity vulnerabilities, undetected malware and access management issues at the acquired business and its supply chain; the incurrence of significant transaction costs, including for acquisitions which we may not complete; and the inadequacy of indemnification, insurance, escrows, holdbacks or other forms of protection for liabilities of the acquired company. If we are unable to make acquisitions our future growth may be adversely impacted. Our ability to make acquisitions depends on a number of factors, including the availability of potential acquisition candidates at reasonable prices, competition from other bidders, the ability to obtain regulatory approvals, including under increasingly stringent merger control and foreign direct investment laws, and the availability of debt and equity financing, among other factors. For additional discussion of business acquisition, see the discussion under Item 7 . Management s Discussion and Analysis of Operations and Financial Condition and Note 3 . Increased prices for components and raw materials used in our products and higher labor and shipping costs could adversely impact our profitability. In recent years, inflation and supply chain constraints resulted in sustained increases in the prices we pay for many of the components and raw materials used in our products. In addition, we have experienced higher labor costs due to increased competition for personnel in many regions in which we operate as well as general inflationary conditions, and higher shipping costs due to labor and rising energy prices. If we are unable to increase our product prices enough to offset these increased costs, our gross margins and profitability could decrease, perhaps significantly over a sustained period of time. 7 Table of Contents We have experienced component and raw material shortages in the past that impacted our ability to manufacture and ship all the product for which we have demand, and these constraints may continue in the future. Our business in the recent past was impacted by interruptions in the supply chain. As a result, we experienced delivery delays and shortages of components and raw materials needed for certain products we manufacture. China has also restricted the export of certain rare earth minerals and permanent magnets that are used in our products, which has in the past delayed and could in the future limit our ability to sell products that require these components or result in lower margins products that incorporate these components. Any such delays in the future would reduce our revenue and margins for the periods affected and would also result in an increase in our inventory of other components, which would reduce our operating cash flow. We may not have sufficient resources to fund all future research and development and capital expenditures. In order to remain competitive, we must make substantial investments in research and development ( R D ) of new or enhanced products and continuously upgrade our process technology and manufacturing capabilities. We may be unable to fund all of our R D and capital investment needs. Our ability to raise additional capital will depend on a variety of factors, some of which will not be within our control, including the existence of bank and capital markets, investor perceptions of us, our businesses and the industries in which we operate, and general economic conditions. Failure to successfully raise needed capital or generate cash flow on a timely or cost-effective basis could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. We may be unable to successfully introduce new and enhanced products in a timely and cost-effective manner or increase our participation in new markets, which could harm our profitability and prospects. Our operating results depend in part on our ability to introduce new and enhanced products on a timely basis. Some of our businesses are engaged in major development activities. If we fail to execute on these development activities in a timely manner, our business could be negatively impacted. Some products, especially those sold by our Test and Measurement group, have short lifecycles that require frequent updating and new product innovation. We may not be able to develop and introduce new or enhanced products in a timely and cost-effective manner or develop and introduce products that satisfy customer requirements. Increasing competition could reduce the demand for our products and services. Each of our markets is highly competitive. Many of our competitors have, and potential competitors could have, greater name recognition, a larger installed base of products, more extensive engineering, manufacturing, marketing and distribution capabilities and greater financial, technological and personnel resources. New or existing competitors may also develop new technologies that could adversely affect the demand for our products and services. Furthermore, some of our patents have expired or are expiring, which could open up further competition. Additionally, some of our customers have been developing competing products or electing to vertically integrate and replace our products with their own. Low-cost competition from China and other developing countries could also result in decreased demand for our products. Higher interest rates and other factors could cause our customers to reduce capital spending, which could adversely impact us. Higher interest rates may reduce capital spending by our existing and potential customers, which could result in lower sales of our products. Risks Related to International Operations We are subject to the risks associated with international sales and international operations, and events in those countries could harm our business or results of operations. In both 2025 and 2024, sales to customers outside the United States accounted for approximately 48% of total net sales. In both 2025 and 2024, we sold products to customers in over 100 foreign countries. In 2025, the top five countries for sales to international customers, ranked by net sales, were the UK, Germany, Japan, China and France and represented approximately 20% of our total net sales. We anticipate that future sales to international customers will continue to account for a significant and increasing percentage of our revenues. 8 Table of Contents Risks associated with international sales and operations include, but are not limited to: political and economic instability; additional deterioration in United States - China and United States - Russia relations; existing and intensifying global economic sanctions and export controls, including export controls related to China and sanctions related to Russia; our ability to obtain export licenses in a timely manner; unauthorized release of export-controlled or otherwise protected information; compliance with anti-corruption laws, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the UK Bribery Act; changes in tax laws and tariff rates; protection and enforcement of intellectual property rights; compliance with non-U.S. data protection laws; existing and emerging non-U.S. regulations relating to ESG and CSR matters, which could be costly to comply with; international terrorism; transportation, including piracy in international waters; currency exchange rate fluctuations; and challenges relating to managing a global workforce with diverse cultures, backgrounds and labor laws. The impact of these factors is difficult to predict, but one or more of them could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. Currency exchange rate fluctuations may increase the cost of our products to international customers and therefore reduce our competitive position. In addition to making our products manufactured in the United States more expensive, a stronger dollar impacts the value of our foreign profits when translated back into dollars. Since we report our financials in U.S. dollars, volatility in the strength of the U.S. dollar could have a material impact on our reported earnings. Escalating global trade tensions and the adoption or expansion of tariffs and trade restrictions could negatively impact us. The U.S. Presidential administration has announced significant new tariffs on foreign imports into the United States, particularly with respect to imports from China, and has proposed additional new tariffs that may be implemented in the future, including on member states of the European Union ( EU ) and on Canada and Mexico. High tariffs generally increase the cost of materials for our products, which could result in our products becoming less competitive or generating lower margins. The extent and duration of increased tariffs and the resulting impact on general economic conditions and on our business are uncertain and depend on various factors, such as negotiations between the United States and affected countries, the responses of other countries or regions, exemptions or exclusions that may be granted, availability and cost of alternative sources of supply, and demand for our products in affected markets. Uncertainty about whether and the extent to which new tariffs will be imposed could also impact our supply chain and the cost of our products. We have significant operations in Canada and in member states of the EU, which could be negatively impacted by a trade war with the United States. With high tariffs imposed on our products, we may also need to find new suppliers and components for our products, which could result in production delays. These countries could impose retaliatory tariffs on imports from the United States. To the extent our products are the subject of retaliatory tariffs, customers may begin to seek domestic or non-U.S. sources for products that we sell, or be pressured or incentivized by foreign governments not to purchase U.S.-origin goods, which could harm our future sales in these markets. Further escalation of the trade war between the United States and China, or new trade wars between the United States and other countries, could result in continued or increased tariffs. Efforts to avoid tariffs are also under increased scrutiny. New and expanding economic sanctions and export restrictions could impact our ability to sell our products. Recent export restrictions have had a significant impact on our business. A number of well-established customers and suppliers have become listed on government restricted party lists. In particular, U.S. export enforcement agencies have placed several Chinese companies and many of their international subsidiaries on such lists, prohibiting the export to them of most commercial and dual-use items subject to the Export Administration Regulations. Furthermore, the United States has imposed certain sectoral sanctions to limit Chinese development and manufacturing of semiconductor and supercomputer technology and have imposed comprehensive restrictions of both U.S.-origin items as well as non-U.S. items manufactured from U.S.-origin equipment. In response, China has unveiled restrictions on exports from China of certain materials and components, including gallium and germanium and which are used in semiconductor manufacturing and permanent magnets and which have impacted 9 Table of Contents the production and pricing of some of our digital imaging and aerospace and defense products. China has also increased sanctions on certain specific U.S. companies, including two Teledyne legal entities, by adding them to its Unreliable Entity List or Export Control List, which has impacted the ability of some Teledyne subsidiaries (including those not so listed) to conduct business in China. Chinese airlines and other manufacturers are under pressure to decrease their dependence on U.S. components and products and increase the use of domestic suppliers. Many key suppliers to our businesses, whether direct or indirect, are based in China. These and other tariffs, trade restrictions and retaliatory measures could result in revenue reduction, price increases on material used in our products or significant production delays, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, operational results and cash flows. Sanctions on Russia imposed by multiple countries and related Teledyne policies have led to a comprehensive ban on commercial activity with that market. Global conflicts could lead to disruption, instability and volatility in global markets and industries that could negatively impact our operations. A military conflict between China and Taiwan would likely have a material adverse impact on our ability to sell products to customers in these areas and on our supply chain. Ongoing instability in the Middle East and the conflict between Russia and Ukraine could result in supply chain and other business disruptions. An economic slowdown in China may adversely affect us. Our net sales to China-based customers represented approximately 4% of total revenues in 2025 and 2024, respectively. Economic growth in China has slowed since the coronavirus disease ( COVID ) pandemic. Continued growth in many of our businesses, including those in our Environmental Instrumentation group, could be negatively impacted if another economic downturn occurs in China. In-country manufacturing could result in lower demand for our products. Many countries, including China, India and Saudi Arabia, have bolstered laws or regulations requiring the use of local suppliers, personnel and in-country manufacturing, which has had a negative impact on Teledyne s revenues of instrumentation, commercial aerospace, marine and digital imaging products, as we currently have limited manufacturing operations in these countries. Several of our competitors in countries like China may be subsidized by state actors and as a result may be able to offer competing products at much lower prices than we can. As European countries increase their defense spending, requirements to have production facilities in the EU are becoming more common to win contracts. If we are unable to respond to these requirements, we may be unable to bid on new programs or lose opportunities to competitors that are based in the EU. Risks Related to our Markets We sell products in markets that are cyclical in nature and a downturn in one or more of these markets could materially impact our financial results. We develop and manufacture products for customers in the energy exploration and production markets, commercial aerospace markets, the semiconductor industry, and the consumer electronics, telecommunications, automotive and healthcare industries; each of which has been cyclical, exhibited rapid changes and suffered from fluctuating market demands. A cyclical downturn in one or more of these markets may materially affect future operating results. Some of our product sales are tied to artificial intelligence ( AI )-related capital expenditures and data center infrastructure. Several factors could result in volatility in AI-related spending, including constraints related to electricity generation a