=== TDY_2026-02-20.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors , there are risks associated with doing business with the U.S. Government. In 2025, approximately 81% of our U.S. Government prime contracts and subcontracts were fixed-price type contracts, compared with 78% in 2024, with the remaining U.S. Government contracts related to cost-reimbursable contracts ( cost-type ) contracts. Under fixed-price type contracts, we bear the inherent risk that actual performance cost may exceed the fixed contract price. Such contracts are typically not subject to renegotiation if we fail to anticipate technical problems, estimate costs accurately or control costs during performance. Additionally, U.S. Government contracts are subject to termination by the U.S. Government at its convenience, without identification of any default. When contracts are terminated for convenience, we can recover costs incurred or committed, settlement expenses and profit on work completed prior to termination. During 2025 and 2024, contracts terminated by the U.S. Government did not materially impact our results of operations. Many of our U.S. Government contracts are awarded after a competitive bidding process in which we seek to emphasize our ability to provide superior products and technical solutions. Raw Materials and Suppliers Most raw materials used in our operations are readily available. Some raw materials are purchased from a limited set of suppliers, including international sources, due to technical capability, price and other factors. We leverage our existing supplier relationships and are not dependent on any one supplier for a material amount of our purchases. While some of our businesses provide services, for those businesses that sell products, a portion of the value that we provide is labor-oriented, such as design, engineering, assembly and test activities. In manufacturing our products, we use our own production capabilities and third-party suppliers and subcontractors, including international sources. At times, we have experienced difficulty in procuring raw materials, components, sub-assemblies and other supplies required in our manufacturing processes due to shortages and supplier-imposed allocation of components. Marketing Our sales and marketing approach varies by segment and by products within our segments. A shared fundamental tenet is the commitment to work closely with our customers to understand their needs, with an aim to secure preferred supplier and longer-term relationships. Given the technical nature of our products, we conduct our marketing activities through a direct internal sales force as well as third-party sales representatives and distributors. Several Teledyne businesses, including across our segments, are marketing and selling products collaboratively to certain customers. Competition Because of the diversity of products we sell and the number of markets we serve, we encounter a wide variety of competitors, none of which we believe offer the same product and service lines or serve all of the same markets as we do. Although we have certain advantages that we believe help us compete effectively in our markets, each of our markets is highly competitive. Our businesses compete on quality, product performance and reliability, technical expertise, price, and service. Many of our competitors have, and potential competitors could have, greater name recognition, a larger installed base of products, more extensive engineering, manufacturing, marketing and distribution capabilities and greater financial, technological and personnel resources than we do. 4 Table of Contents Intellectual Property We own and control various intellectual property rights, including patents, trade secrets, confidential information, trademarks, trade names and copyrights. We license patents, technology and other intellectual property rights owned and controlled by others. Similarly, other companies license patents, technology and other intellectual property rights owned and controlled by us. We do not consider any single patent or trademark, or any group of them, essential either to Teledyne s business as a whole or to any one of our reportable segments. The annual royalties received or paid under license agreements are not significant to any of our reportable segments or to our overall operations. Patents, patent applications and license agreements will expire or terminate over time by operation of law, in accordance with their terms or otherwise. We do not expect the expiration or termination of these patents, patent applications and license agreements to have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. Environment and Other Government Regulations Information with respect to environmental matters is set forth under Other Matters Environmental of Item 7 . Management s Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operation and Financial Condition and Note 17 . No material capital expenditures relating to environmental compliance are presently anticipated. See Note 17 for additional discussion of other government regulations. Sustainability Teledyne continues to focus on developing solutions to address sustainability and climate challenges facing humanity today. Many of our products directly support sustainability and climate challenges. We provide a broad range of precision measurement technologies for environmental monitoring and climate research. Our sensors and instruments are deployed everywhere: in space, on aircraft and drones, on land, on the sea surface, in the water column, and on the seafloor. They operate around the clock, measuring greenhouse gases ( GHGs ) from space, precisely monitoring air and water quality throughout the world, and continuously profiling the Earth s oceans. Applications of our instruments provide scientists with information that spans time from the origin of the universe to providing real-time data regarding air pollution and dangerous storms, such as time-critical warnings of hurricanes and tsunamis. In November 2022, we published our second Corporate Social Responsibility ( CSR ) report, in which we disclose and highlight some of our most recent efforts focused on sustainability and environmental social and governance ( ESG ). We published supplements to the CSR report in 2023, 2024 and 2025, which included updated information. The CSR report together with its supplements, which is not incorporated by reference in this document, is available at the CSR link on our website at www.teledyne.com under the tab Who We Are . The CSR report and its supplements include data on Teledyne s combined direct emissions ( Scope 1 ) and indirect emissions from purchased energy ( Scope 2 ), workplace safety, water usage, waste generation and recycling and workplace demographics. In 2021, we compiled the first global inventory of our GHG emissions (starting with fiscal year 2020) and have developed a GHG monitoring and management plan. We have set a goal to reduce our combined Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions in company operations, normalized for revenue, by 40% from 2020 levels by the end of 2040. Going forward, we will continue to evaluate our emission reduction goals, while at the same time providing the tools and technologies that enable environmental science and climatology across the globe. More information about our carbon footprint and GHG emission reduction efforts and goals, and the contributions that Teledyne products make to carbon monitoring and environmental and climate science can be found in our CSR report and its supplements. Pursuant to the mandate in their respective charters, the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors (the Board ) regularly reviews matters related to compliance with environmental laws and the health and safety of employees, and the Nominating and Governance Committee of our Board reviews and evaluates our policies and practices and monitors our efforts in the areas of legal and social responsibility, sustainability, and other governance matters. 5 Table of Contents Human Capital We consider our relations with our employees to be good. At December 28, 2025, our total workforce consisted of approximately 15,800 employees in 38 countries. Workforce demographics for various regions are provided below: Gender (Self-Reported) Percent of Total Employees Average Age Average Years of Service Male Female Not Specified Americas 64% 48.9 10.1 65% 33% 2% Europe, the Middle East and Africa 33% 44.6 10.4 70% 24% 6% Asia-Pacific Region 3% 43.7 8.5 67% 25% 8% We have a stable and long-tenured workforce. In 2025, our voluntary employee turnover was approximately 8%. As of December 28, 2025, the average years of service of our employees was approximately 10 years. Employees are vital to the success of our growth strategy. Our goal is to maintain a safe, hospitable and inclusive work environment in which every employee is encouraged to contribute to the success of the Company. We are focused on attracting, developing and retaining employees through competitive compensation and benefits, workforce and management development, succession planning, corporate culture, and leadership quality, in compliance with applicable regulations. We strive to recruit the best possible candidate for each role. The health and wellness of our employees is a critical component to the success of our business. Many of our larger facilities have on-site fitness centers and encourage healthy choices with various wellness challenge programs. These programs often include guest speakers on various topics, including mental health, heart disease, diabetes and personal financial awareness. We also have vacation and sick leave policies that provide employees with flexibility to take time away from work for relaxation or to recover from illness. The majority of our employees (including all full-time employees in the United States, Canada and the UK) have access to our employee assistance program, which includes third-party counseling and mental health services at no cost to the employee when life events impact an employee. We are committed to identifying and developing the talents of our next generation of leaders. On an annual basis, we conduct an organization and leadership review for segment, business unit, and function leaders, focusing on our high performing and high potential talent and succession for our most critical roles. From this review, individualized development and retention programs are implemented or revised as needed. We also provide additional opportunities for our existing employees to enhance their careers. We invest in employee skills development in various ways, including through educational expense reimbursement. Specialized training in a job-related field gives employees new skills and a strong foundation of knowledge that can serve them throughout their career and that may allow them to progress to more responsible positions at Teledyne. We provide courses, webinars, and certification programs and targeted training programs on management, technical competencies, soft skills development and compliance. Select, high-potential employees also receive strategic and operational leadership skills development through our leadership development program. Available Information Teledyne s website is www.teledyne.com. We make available on our website, free of charge, annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and current reports on Form 8-K pursuant to Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ) as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file or furnish such material to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ) at www.sec.gov . We will provide, free of charge, a paper copy of any report we file with the SEC (without exhibits) upon written request to Melanie S. Cibik, Executive Vice President, General Counsel, Chief Compliance Officer and Secretary, at Teledyne Technologies Incorporated, 1049 Camino Dos Rios, Thousand Oaks, California 91360-2362. We have included our website addresses throughout this report as inactive textual references only. The information contained on the websites referenced herein is not incorporated into this Form 10-K. 6 Table of Contents Item 1A. Risk Factors Risk Factors The following discussion sets forth the material risk factors that could affect Teledyne s financial condition and operations. You should not consider any descriptions of these factors to be a complete set of all potential risks that could affect Teledyne. Any risk factor discussed below could by itself, or combined with other factors, materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, competitive position or reputation, including by materially increasing expenses or decreasing revenues, which could result in material losses or a decrease in earnings. Risks Related to our Business and Industry A possible recession in the United States or globally may adversely affect us. We sell products and services to customers in industries that are sensitive to the level of general economic activity and consumer spending habits. If another recession emerges, either globally or in the United States, we may experience declines in revenues, profitability and cash flows from reduced orders, payment delays, collection difficulties, increased price pressures for our products, increased risk of excess and obsolete inventories or other factors caused by the economic problems of our customers. Acquisitions and our ability to make acquisitions involve inherent risks that may adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. Our growth strategy includes acquisitions. Acquisitions involve various inherent risks, such as: our ability to assess accurately the value, strengths, weaknesses, internal controls, contingent and other liabilities and potential profitability of acquisition candidates; difficulties in integrating acquired businesses, including the potential loss of key personnel from an acquired business, our potential inability to achieve identified financial, operating and other synergies anticipated to result from an acquisition, and integration issues associated with internal controls of acquired businesses; the diversion of management s attention from our existing businesses; the potential impairment of assets; potential unknown liabilities associated with a business that we acquire or in which we invest, including environmental liabilities; new and proposed regulations limiting the enforcement of noncompetition and nonsolicitation agreements; production delays associated with consolidating acquired facilities and manufacturing operations; pre-existing vulnerabilities, including cybersecurity vulnerabilities, undetected malware and access management issues at the acquired business and its supply chain; the incurrence of significant transaction costs, including for acquisitions which we may not complete; and the inadequacy of indemnification, insurance, escrows, holdbacks or other forms of protection for liabilities of the acquired company. If we are unable to make acquisitions our future growth may be adversely impacted. Our ability to make acquisitions depends on a number of factors, including the availability of potential acquisition candidates at reasonable prices, competition from other bidders, the ability to obtain regulatory approvals, including under increasingly stringent merger control and foreign direct investment laws, and the availability of debt and equity financing, among other factors. For additional discussion of business acquisition, see the discussion under Item 7 . Management s Discussion and Analysis of Operations and Financial Condition and Note 3 . Increased prices for components and raw materials used in our products and higher labor and shipping costs could adversely impact our profitability. In recent years, inflation and supply chain constraints resulted in sustained increases in the prices we pay for many of the components and raw materials used in our products. In addition, we have experienced higher labor costs due to increased competition for personnel in many regions in which we operate as well as general inflationary conditions, and higher shipping costs due to labor and rising energy prices. If we are unable to increase our product prices enough to offset these increased costs, our gross margins and profitability could decrease, perhaps significantly over a sustained period of time. 7 Table of Contents We have experienced component and raw material shortages in the past that impacted our ability to manufacture and ship all the product for which we have demand, and these constraints may continue in the future. Our business in the recent past was impacted by interruptions in the supply chain. As a result, we experienced delivery delays and shortages of components and raw materials needed for certain products we manufacture. China has also restricted the export of certain rare earth minerals and permanent magnets that are used in our products, which has in the past delayed and could in the future limit our ability to sell products that require these components or result in lower margins products that incorporate these components. Any such delays in the future would reduce our revenue and margins for the periods affected and would also result in an increase in our inventory of other components, which would reduce our operating cash flow. We may not have sufficient resources to fund all future research and development and capital expenditures. In order to remain competitive, we must make substantial investments in research and development ( R D ) of new or enhanced products and continuously upgrade our process technology and manufacturing capabilities. We may be unable to fund all of our R D and capital investment needs. Our ability to raise additional capital will depend on a variety of factors, some of which will not be within our control, including the existence of bank and capital markets, investor perceptions of us, our businesses and the industries in which we operate, and general economic conditions. Failure to successfully raise needed capital or generate cash flow on a timely or cost-effective basis could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. We may be unable to successfully introduce new and enhanced products in a timely and cost-effective manner or increase our participation in new markets, which could harm our profitability and prospects. Our operating results depend in part on our ability to introduce new and enhanced products on a timely basis. Some of our businesses are engaged in major development activities. If we fail to execute on these development activities in a timely manner, our business could be negatively impacted. Some products, especially those sold by our Test and Measurement group, have short lifecycles that require frequent updating and new product innovation. We may not be able to develop and introduce new or enhanced products in a timely and cost-effective manner or develop and introduce products that satisfy customer requirements. Increasing competition could reduce the demand for our products and services. Each of our markets is highly competitive. Many of our competitors have, and potential competitors could have, greater name recognition, a larger installed base of products, more extensive engineering, manufacturing, marketing and distribution capabilities and greater financial, technological and personnel resources. New or existing competitors may also develop new technologies that could adversely affect the demand for our products and services. Furthermore, some of our patents have expired or are expiring, which could open up further competition. Additionally, some of our customers have been developing competing products or electing to vertically integrate and replace our products with their own. Low-cost competition from China and other developing countries could also result in decreased demand for our products. Higher interest rates and other factors could cause our customers to reduce capital spending, which could adversely impact us. Higher interest rates may reduce capital spending by our existing and potential customers, which could result in lower sales of our products. Risks Related to International Operations We are subject to the risks associated with international sales and international operations, and events in those countries could harm our business or results of operations. In both 2025 and 2024, sales to customers outside the United States accounted for approximately 48% of total net sales. In both 2025 and 2024, we sold products to customers in over 100 foreign countries. In 2025, the top five countries for sales to international customers, ranked by net sales, were the UK, Germany, Japan, China and France and represented approximately 20% of our total net sales. We anticipate that future sales to international customers will continue to account for a significant and increasing percentage of our revenues. 8 Table of Contents Risks associated with international sales and operations include, but are not limited to: political and economic instability; additional deterioration in United States - China and United States - Russia relations; existing and intensifying global economic sanctions and export controls, including export controls related to China and sanctions related to Russia; our ability to obtain export licenses in a timely manner; unauthorized release of export-controlled or otherwise protected information; compliance with anti-corruption laws, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the UK Bribery Act; changes in tax laws and tariff rates; protection and enforcement of intellectual property rights; compliance with non-U.S. data protection laws; existing and emerging non-U.S. regulations relating to ESG and CSR matters, which could be costly to comply with; international terrorism; transportation, including piracy in international waters; currency exchange rate fluctuations; and challenges relating to managing a global workforce with diverse cultures, backgrounds and labor laws. The impact of these factors is difficult to predict, but one or more of them could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. Currency exchange rate fluctuations may increase the cost of our products to international customers and therefore reduce our competitive position. In addition to making our products manufactured in the United States more expensive, a stronger dollar impacts the value of our foreign profits when translated back into dollars. Since we report our financials in U.S. dollars, volatility in the strength of the U.S. dollar could have a material impact on our reported earnings. Escalating global trade tensions and the adoption or expansion of tariffs and trade restrictions could negatively impact us. The U.S. Presidential administration has announced significant new tariffs on foreign imports into the United States, particularly with respect to imports from China, and has proposed additional new tariffs that may be implemented in the future, including on member states of the European Union ( EU ) and on Canada and Mexico. High tariffs generally increase the cost of materials for our products, which could result in our products becoming less competitive or generating lower margins. The extent and duration of increased tariffs and the resulting impact on general economic conditions and on our business are uncertain and depend on various factors, such as negotiations between the United States and affected countries, the responses of other countries or regions, exemptions or exclusions that may be granted, availability and cost of alternative sources of supply, and demand for our products in affected markets. Uncertainty about whether and the extent to which new tariffs will be imposed could also impact our supply chain and the cost of our products. We have significant operations in Canada and in member states of the EU, which could be negatively impacted by a trade war with the United States. With high tariffs imposed on our products, we may also need to find new suppliers and components for our products, which could result in production delays. These countries could impose retaliatory tariffs on imports from the United States. To the extent our products are the subject of retaliatory tariffs, customers may begin to seek domestic or non-U.S. sources for products that we sell, or be pressured or incentivized by foreign governments not to purchase U.S.-origin goods, which could harm our future sales in these markets. Further escalation of the trade war between the United States and China, or new trade wars between the United States and other countries, could result in continued or increased tariffs. Efforts to avoid tariffs are also under increased scrutiny. New and expanding economic sanctions and export restrictions could impact our ability to sell our products. Recent export restrictions have had a significant impact on our business. A number of well-established customers and suppliers have become listed on government restricted party lists. In particular, U.S. export enforcement agencies have placed several Chinese companies and many of their international subsidiaries on such lists, prohibiting the export to them of most commercial and dual-use items subject to the Export Administration Regulations. Furthermore, the United States has imposed certain sectoral sanctions to limit Chinese development and manufacturing of semiconductor and supercomputer technology and have imposed comprehensive restrictions of both U.S.-origin items as well as non-U.S. items manufactured from U.S.-origin equipment. In response, China has unveiled restrictions on exports from China of certain materials and components, including gallium and germanium and which are used in semiconductor manufacturing and permanent magnets and which have impacted 9 Table of Contents the production and pricing of some of our digital imaging and aerospace and defense products. China has also increased sanctions on certain specific U.S. companies, including two Teledyne legal entities, by adding them to its Unreliable Entity List or Export Control List, which has impacted the ability of some Teledyne subsidiaries (including those not so listed) to conduct business in China. Chinese airlines and other manufacturers are under pressure to decrease their dependence on U.S. components and products and increase the use of domestic suppliers. Many key suppliers to our businesses, whether direct or indirect, are based in China. These and other tariffs, trade restrictions and retaliatory measures could result in revenue reduction, price increases on material used in our products or significant production delays, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, operational results and cash flows. Sanctions on Russia imposed by multiple countries and related Teledyne policies have led to a comprehensive ban on commercial activity with that market. Global conflicts could lead to disruption, instability and volatility in global markets and industries that could negatively impact our operations. A military conflict between China and Taiwan would likely have a material adverse impact on our ability to sell products to customers in these areas and on our supply chain. Ongoing instability in the Middle East and the conflict between Russia and Ukraine could result in supply chain and other business disruptions. An economic slowdown in China may adversely affect us. Our net sales to China-based customers represented approximately 4% of total revenues in 2025 and 2024, respectively. Economic growth in China has slowed since the coronavirus disease ( COVID ) pandemic. Continued growth in many of our businesses, including those in our Environmental Instrumentation group, could be negatively impacted if another economic downturn occurs in China. In-country manufacturing could result in lower demand for our products. Many countries, including China, India and Saudi Arabia, have bolstered laws or regulations requiring the use of local suppliers, personnel and in-country manufacturing, which has had a negative impact on Teledyne s revenues of instrumentation, commercial aerospace, marine and digital imaging products, as we currently have limited manufacturing operations in these countries. Several of our competitors in countries like China may be subsidized by state actors and as a result may be able to offer competing products at much lower prices than we can. As European countries increase their defense spending, requirements to have production facilities in the EU are becoming more common to win contracts. If we are unable to respond to these requirements, we may be unable to bid on new programs or lose opportunities to competitors that are based in the EU. Risks Related to our Markets We sell products in markets that are cyclical in nature and a downturn in one or more of these markets could materially impact our financial results. We develop and manufacture products for customers in the energy exploration and production markets, commercial aerospace markets, the semiconductor industry, and the consumer electronics, telecommunications, automotive and healthcare industries; each of which has been cyclical, exhibited rapid changes and suffered from fluctuating market demands. A cyclical downturn in one or more of these markets may materially affect future operating results. Some of our product sales are tied to artificial intelligence ( AI )-related capital expenditures and data center infrastructure. Several factors could result in volatility in AI-related spending, including constraints related to electricity generation and delivery, overbuilt capacity, new AI-focused legal regulations, and a consolidation of competing independent technologies. Our revenue from U.S. Government contracts depends on the continued availability of funding from the U.S. Government, and, accordingly, we have the risk that funding for our existing contracts may be canceled or diverted to other uses or delayed or that funding for new programs will not be available. Similarly, sales to the European defense market depends on continued funding from European governments. We perform work on a number of contracts with the U.S. Department of War and other agencies and departments of the U.S. Government including subcontracts with government prime contractors. Sales under contracts with the U.S. Government, including sales under contracts with the U.S. Department of War, as prime contractor or subcontractor, represented 25% and 24% of our total net sales in 2025 and 2024, respectively. Performance under government contracts has inherent risks that could have a material effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Government contracts are conditioned upon the continuing availability of Congressional appropriations, and the failure of Congress to appropriate funds for programs in which we participate could negatively affect our results of operations. U.S. Government operation under a continuing resolution could impact the business by preventing new programs from starting as planned and by limiting funding on existing programs. U.S. Government shutdowns have resulted in delays in anticipated contract awards and delayed payments of invoices for several of our businesses. In the fall of 2025, a shutdown of the U.S. 10 Table of Contents Government lasted 43 days and resulted in delays in contract awards, issuances of export licenses, shipments and payments of invoices for several of our businesses; any new shutdown or increase in the frequency of shutdowns could have similar or worse effects. Any renewed emphasis on Federal deficit and debt reduction could lead to a further decrease in overall defense spending. Changes in policy and budget priorities by the U.S. Presidential Administration for various defense and NASA programs could impact our Engineered Systems, Aerospace and Defense Electronics and Digital Imaging segments. Budget cuts at NASA have negatively impacted the revenues of Engineered Systems in 2025 and are expected to further impact revenues in 2026. It is also not uncommon for the U.S. Department of War to delay the timing of awards or change orders for major programs for six to twelve months. These delays by the U.S. Government could impact our revenues. Uncertainty over budgets or priorities with the U.S. Presidential Administration could result in further delays in funding and the timing of awards, and changes in funded programs that could have a material impact on our revenues. Further, most of our U.S. Government contracts are subject to termination by the U.S. Government either at its convenience or upon the default of the contractor. Termination for convenience provisions provides only for the recovery of costs incurred or committed, settlement expenses, and profit on work completed prior to termination. Termination for default clauses imposes liability on the contractor for excess costs incurred by the U.S. Government in re-procuring undelivered items from another source. During 2025 and 2024, contracts terminated by the U.S. Government have not materially impacted our results of operations; however, our Defense Electronics businesses have seen an increase in terminations for convenience due to shifting Government priorities. We are seeing increased sales into the European defense market as European defense budgets increase as a result of the conflict in Ukraine, threats from Russia and other geopolitical instability. If European government funding on defense programs declines, or if defense spending priorities of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization ( NATO )-member countries change with respect to Ukraine, existing and potential future sales would be negatively impacted. New EU cybersecurity requirements are expected to come into effect in 2026, which may impact our ability to market our products and services in the EU. Our U.S. Government contracting businesses are subject to government contracting regulations, including increasingly complex regulations on cybersecurity, and our failure to comply with such laws and regulations could harm our operating results and prospects. Our U.S. Government contracting businesses, like other government contractors, are subject to various audits, reviews and investigations (including private party whistleblower lawsuits) relating to our compliance with applicable federal and state laws and regulations. More routinely, the U.S. Government may audit the costs we incur on our U.S. Government contracts, including allocated indirect costs. Any costs found to be improperly allocated to a specific contract will not be reimbursed, and such costs already reimbursed would need to be refunded. In a worst case scenario, should a business or division be charged with wrongdoing, or should the U.S. Government determine that the business or division is not a presently responsible contractor, that business or division, and conceivably our Company as a whole, could be temporarily suspended or, in the event of a conviction, could be debarred for up to three years from receiving new government contracts or government-approved subcontracts. In addition, we could expend substantial amounts defending against such charges or face damages, fines and penalties if such charges were proven. Routine audits by U.S. Government agencies of Teledyne s various procurement and accounting systems have the potential to result in disapproval of the audited systems by the administrative contracting officer. Disapproval could significantly impact cash flow, as up to 10% may be withheld from payments, as well as significantly impact potential contract awards and increase audit oversight of individual contract proposals. The Department of War as well as other U.S. Government contracting agencies have adopted rules and regulations requiring contractors to implement a set of cybersecurity measures to attain the safeguarding of contractor systems that process, store, or transmit certain information. Implementation and compliance with these cybersecurity requirements is complex and costly, and could result in unforeseen expenses, lower profitability and, in the case of non-compliance, penalties and damages, all of which could have an adverse effect on our business. The cybersecurity requirements also impact our supply base which could impact cost, schedule and performance on programs if suppliers do not meet the requirements and therefore, do not qualify to support the programs. In January 2026, the President issued an executive order that imposes obligations on U.S. defense contractors, including immediately prohibiting any major defense contractor from conducting future stock buybacks or issuing dividends at the expense of accelerated procurement and increased production capacity. The executive order also orders a historical review of defense contractor performance and directs the Secretary of War to develop and implement additional provisions related to prohibition of stock buybacks and corporate distributions, prohibition on the use of certain metrics in determining executive compensation and authorizing the U.S. Government to cap executive base salaries. At this time, it is unclear the extent to which the executive order will apply to us and significant uncertainties exist as to how the executive order will be implemented and interpreted. Depending on its implementation and application to us, the executive order could have a material adverse impact on our ability to make stock repurchases or issue dividends and continue to attract and retain executive talent. 11 Table of Contents We also are required to procure certain materials and parts from supply sources approved by the U.S. Government. The inability of a supplier to meet our needs, the failure to obtain such approvals or the appearance of counterfeit parts in our products could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. Such failure or inclusion could result in claims under the False Claims Act, which could lead to civil and criminal penalties and disbarment of the applicable business unit from doing business with the U.S. Government, among other things. Risks associated with counterfeit parts could be exacerbated as a result of supply chain shortages or due to parts becoming obsolete. We generate revenue from companies in the oil and gas industry, especially the offshore oil and gas industry, a historically cyclical industry with levels of activity that are significantly affected by the levels and volatility of oil and gas prices, which has in the past impacted and can impact in the future our financial results. Teledyne manufactures seismic energy sources, interconnects and data acquisition products that are used in offshore energy exploration. The oil and gas industry has historically been cyclical and characterized by significant changes in the levels of exploration and development activities. Oil and gas prices, and market expectations of potential changes in those prices, significantly affect the levels of those activities. Any prolonged reduction in the overall level of offshore oil and gas exploration and development activities, whether resulting from changes in oil and gas prices or otherwise, could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and the results of our businesses within our Instrumentation segment. Some factors that have affected and are likely to continue affecting oil and gas prices and the level of demand for our products and services include the following: worldwide demand for oil and gas; the ability of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries ( OPEC ), to set and maintain production levels; the level of production by non-OPEC countries; the war between Russia and Ukraine, including the implementation of price controls on Russian oil exports and restrictions on oil and gas exports imposed by Russia; instability in the Middle East and oil-producing regions of Latin America, including Venezuela; the ability of oil and gas companies to generate or raise funds for capital expenditures; domestic and foreign tax policy; laws and governmental regulations that restrict exploration and development of oil and gas in various offshore jurisdictions or the use of hydraulic fracturing; laws and governmental regulation that restrict the use of hydraulic fracturing; technological changes; the political environment of oil-producing regions; the price and availability of alternative fuels; and climate change regulations that provide incentives to conserve energy, use electric vehicles or use alternative energy sources, or that impose restrictions on the development and extraction of oil and gas. The airline industry is heavily regulated, and if we fail to comply with applicable requirements, our results of operations could suffer. Our commercial aerospace group produces products for use in commercial aviation. Governmental agencies throughout the world, including the Federal Aviation Administration ( FAA ), prescribe standards and qualification requirements for aircraft components, including virtually all commercial airline and general aviation products. Specific regulations vary from country to country, although compliance with FAA requirements generally satisfies regulatory requirements in other countries. If any material authorization or approval qualifying us to supply our products is revoked or suspended, then sale of the product would be prohibited by law, which would have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The FAA and equivalent regulatory agencies have increasingly focused on the need to assure that airline industry products are designed with sufficient cybersecurity controls to protect against unauthorized access or other unwanted compromise. A failure to meet these evolving expectations could negatively impact sales into the industry and expose us to legal or contractual liability. Changes in production rates for major aircraft manufacturers, like Boeing and Airbus, impact our commercial aerospace businesses. Boeing and Airbus have in the recent past struggled to meet delivery targets due to supply chain issues and other challenges. Any future pauses or reductions in manufacturing from Boeing or Airbus could negatively impact our business. 12 Table of Contents A change in policy direction related to environmental regulations and green energy could negatively impact demand for our monitoring instruments and energy systems products. Many of our products are used by industrial customers and municipalities to monitor ambient air quality, water quality and gas and particulate emissions in order comply with regulatory requirements issued by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency and other federal agencies. The Presidential Administration scaled back many of these regulations, which could result in decreased demand for our products, especially if funding from individual states do not make up for the shortfall in federal funding. The Presidential Administration has also rolled back green energy initiatives, which could harm our energy systems business that manufactures hydrogen-based energy generation systems and which also is likely to reduce the number of federally funded hydrogen generation projects, which lowers demand for our process instrumentation products. Risks related to Finance and Tax Matters Our indebtedness, and any failure to comply with our covenants that apply to our indebtedness, could materially and adversely affect our business. As of December 28, 2025, we had $2,488.0 million total outstanding indebtedness in senior notes. As of December 28, 2025, no borrowings were outstanding under our $1.20 billion credit facility. The agreements we entered into with respect to our indebtedness contain negative covenants, that, subject to certain exceptions, include limitations on indebtedness related to our credit facility, liens, dispositions, investments and mergers and other fundamental changes. Our ability to comply with these negative covenants can be affected by events beyond our control. The indebtedness and these negative covenants may also have the effect, among other things, of limiting our ability to obtain additional financing, if needed, reducing the funds available to make acquisitions or capital expenditures, reducing our flexibility in planning for or reacting to changes in our business or market conditions, and making us more vulnerable to economic downturns and adverse competitive and industry conditions. In addition, a breach of the negative covenants could result in an event of default with respect to the indebtedness, which, if not cured or waived, could result in the indebtedness becoming immediately due and payable and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or operating results. Any future indebtedness incurred under our credit facility will expose us to interest rate risk. We may not be able to service our debt obligations, which could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition or operating results. Our ability to meet our interest expense and debt service obligations will depend on our future performance, including the cash we generate from operating activities, which will be affected by financial, business, economic and other factors, including potential changes in laws or regulations, industry conditions, industry supply and demand, customer preferences, the success of our products and pressure from competitors. If we are unable to meet our debt service obligations we may be required to refinance all or part of our debt, sell strategic assets at unfavorable prices, incur additional indebtedness or issue common stock or other equity securities and we may not be able to take such actions on terms acceptable to us and in amounts sufficient to meet our needs. If we are able to raise additional funds through the issuance of equity securities, such issuance would also result in dilution to our stockholders. The credit rating of Teledyne could be downgraded, which may increase borrowing costs. The credit ratings of Teledyne s debt could be subject to a downgrade below investment grade which could result in higher borrowing costs and more restrictive debt covenants in the future. Higher tax rates may harm our results of operations and cash flow. Increases in the United States on the taxation of foreign income and expense may harm our results of operations and cash flow. The relative amount of income we earn in jurisdictions outside the United States could reduce our net income and increase our cash payments. Additionally, beginning in 2023, the United States has adopted a 15% corporate alternative minimum tax for certain large corporations. Teledyne does not expect to be subject to this tax; however, Teledyne continues to monitor the potential impact of the U.S. corporate minimum tax. Many other jurisdictions have also enacted corporate global 15% minimum tax rules, which apply to Teledyne. Teledyne is monitoring the impact of these foreign minimum tax rules. Increased tax due to corporate minimum taxes in the United States or in other jurisdictions could reduce our net income and increase our cash payments. 13 Table of Contents Changes in future business conditions could cause business investments, goodwill and other long-lived assets to become impaired, resulting in significant losses and write-downs that would reduce our operating income. On December 28, 2025, Teledyne s goodwill was $8,687.6 million and net acquired intangible assets were $2,100.1 million. We are required to test annually both acquired goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment based upon a fair value approach, rather than amortizing the value over time. We have chosen to perform our annual impairment reviews of goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets during the fourth quarter of each fiscal year. As a result of these annual tests, we recorded $52.5 million of pretax, non-cash trademark impairments in 2024 in the Digital Imaging and Instrumentation segments, and no comparable amounts were recorded in 2025. We are also required to test goodwill for impairment between annual tests if events occur or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce our enterprise fair value below its book value. These events or circumstances could include a significant change in the business climate, including a significant sustained decline in an entity s market value, legal factors, operating performance indicators, competition, sale or disposition of a significant portion of the business, or other factors. If the fair market value is less than the carrying value, including goodwill, we could be required to record a non-cash impairment charge. The valuation of reporting units requires judgment in estimating future cash flows, discount rates and estimated product life cycles. In making these judgments, we evaluate the financial health of the business, including such factors as industry performance, changes in technology and operating cash flows. As we have grown through acquisitions, the amount of goodwill and net acquired intangible assets is a significant portion of our total assets. As a result, the amount of any annual or interim impairment could be significant and could have a material adverse effect on our reported financial results for the period in which the charge is taken. Goodwill and acquired intangibles assets of recently acquired reporting units generally represent a higher inherent risk of impairment, which typically decreases as the businesses are integrated into the Company. We also may be required to record an earnings charge or incur unanticipated expenses if, as a result of a change in strategy or other reason, we were to determine the value of other assets had been impaired. For additional discussion of business acquisitions, goodwill and other long-lived assets, see the discussion under Item 7 . Management s Discussion and Analysis of Operations and Financial Condition and Notes 3 and 6 . Risks related to climate change Climate change may disrupt or adversely impact our business. Climate change may have an increasingly adverse impact on our business and those of our customers, partners and suppliers. As discussed under the risk factor below headed Natural and man-made disasters could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition, some of our manufacturing facilities are located in regions that may be impacted by severe weather events, like hurricanes or ice storms, or in areas prone to wildfires, droughts and rising sea levels, the frequency and severity of which may increase as a result of climate change. These events could result in potential damage to our physical assets and may result in disruptions in manufacturing activities and impair the ability of our employees to work effectively. The effects of climate change also may impact our decisions to construct new facilities or maintain existing facilities in the areas most prone to physical risks, which could similarly increase our operating and material costs. We could also face indirect financial risks passed through the supply chain that could result in higher prices for our products and the resources needed to produce them. We sell products to customers directly engaged in oil and gas exploration and production. Changes to regulations, social practices and preferences, energy generation and transportation technologies that may occur or be implemented to mitigate climate change could result in reduced demand for hydrocarbon products, which could result in a reduction in sales to these customers. Regulations associated with climate change could adversely affect our business. Legislative and regulatory measures currently under consideration or being implemented by government authorities to address climate change could require reductions in our GHG or other emissions, establish a carbon tax or increase fuel or energy taxes. We have also voluntarily announced goals to reduce our GHG emissions by a target date. These legal requirements, in addition to emission reduction efforts that we voluntarily undertake, are expected to result in increased capital expenditures and compliance costs and could result in higher costs required to operate and maintain our facilities, procure raw materials and energy, and may require us to acquire emission credits or carbon offsets. The inconsistent international, regional and/or national requirements associated with climate change regulations also create economic and regulatory uncertainty. Investor sentiment towards climate change and sustainability could adversely affect our business and the market price for our common stock. Investor focus and activism related to climate change and sustainability may hinder our access to capital, as investors may reconsider their capital investment as a result of their assessment of our sustainability practices. If we are unable to meet the sustainability standards set by these investors, or if we are unable to meet GHG reduction targets we communicate to the public, we may lose investors, our stock price may be negatively impacted, and our reputation may be negatively affected. 14 Table of Contents Risks related to Legal and Compliance Matters Adverse findings in matters related to export control practices, including FLIR s historical practices, could materially impact us. Effective April 24, 2022, the United States Department of State s Office of Defense Trade Controls Compliance ( DDTC ) closed the four-year Consent Agreement that had been entered into by FLIR Systems, Inc., to resolve various export allegations under the International Traffic in Arms Regulations ( ITAR ). Teledyne FLIR has enhanced its trade compliance program. Nonetheless, adverse disclosures and findings could cause additional expenses in connection with further remedial measures or potential penalties. We have made other voluntary disclosures to the U.S. Department of State and the U.S. Department of Commerce, including to the Bureau of Industry and Security ( BIS ) with respect to Teledyne FLIR shipments of products from non-U.S. jurisdictions which were not licensed due to incorrect de minimis calculation methodology under the Export Administration Regulations. We have made voluntary disclosures to export authorities in jurisdictions outside the United States for certain potential violations of local export laws. An unfavorable outcome could result in substantial fines and penalties or loss or suspension of export privileges or of particular authorizations that could be material to our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. We may not be able to enforce or protect our intellectual property rights, or third parties may claim we infringe their intellectual rights, each which may harm our ability to compete and thus harm our business. Our ability to enforce and protect our patents, copyrights, software licenses, trade secrets, know-how, and other intellectual property rights is subject to general litigation risks, as well as uncertainty as to the enforceability of our intellectual property rights in various countries. When we seek to enforce our rights, we have found that various claims may be asserted against us, including claims that our intellectual property right is invalid, is otherwise not enforceable or is licensed to the party against whom we are asserting a claim. In addition, we may be the target of aggressive and opportunistic enforcement of patents by third parties. If we are not ultimately successful in defending ourselves against these claims in litigation, we may not be able to sell a product or family of products due to an injunction, or we may have to pay damages that could, in turn, harm our results of operations. Our inability to enforce our intellectual property rights under these circumstances may harm our competitive position and our business. Product liability claims, product recalls and field service actions could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, results of operations and financial condition and we may have difficulty obtaining product liability and other insurance coverage. As a manufacturer and distributor of a wide variety of products, including monitoring instruments, gas and flame detection instruments, products used in offshore oil and gas production, products used in transportation and commercial aviation, products used in maritime navigation and products used in medical devices (including X-ray detectors), our results of operations are susceptible to adverse publicity regarding the quality or safety of our products. Product liability claims challenging the safety of our products may result in a decline in sales for a product, which could adversely affect our results of operations. This could be the case even if the claims themselves are proven to be untrue or settled for immaterial amounts. While we have general liability and other insurance policies concerning product liabilities and errors and omissions, we have self-insured retentions or deductibles under such policies with respect to a portion of these liabilities. Awarded damages could be more than our accruals. We could incur losses above the aggregate annual policy limit as well. We cannot ensure that, for 2026 and in future years, insurance carriers will be willing to renew coverage or provide new coverage for product liability. Product recalls can be expensive and tarnish our reputation and have a material adverse effect on the sales of our products. We cannot assure that we will not have additional product liability claims or that we will not recall any products. We have been joined, among a number of defendants (often over 100), in lawsuits alleging injury or death as a result of exposure to asbestos. In addition, because of the prominent Teledyne name, we may continue to be mistakenly joined in lawsuits involving a company or business that was not assumed by us as part of our 1999 spin-off from Allegheny Teledyne Incorporated. To date, we have not incurred material liabilities in connection with these lawsuits. However, our historical insurance coverage, including that of our predecessors, may not fully cover such claims and the defense of such matters. Coverage typically depends on the year of purported exposure and other factors. Nonetheless, we intend to vigorously defend our position against these claims. Teledyne Brown Engineering, Inc. and other Teledyne companies manufacture components for customers in the nuclear power market, including utilities and certain governmental entities. Certain liabilities associated with such products are covered by the Price-Anderson Nuclear Industries Indemnity Act and other statutory and common law defenses, and we have received indemnities from some of our customers. However, there is no assurance we will not face product liability claims related to such products or that our exposure will not exceed the amounts for which we have liability coverage or protection. 15 Table of Contents Failing to comply with increasing environmental regulations, as well as the effects of potential environmental liabilities, could have a material adverse financial effect on us. We, like other industry participants, are subject to various federal, state, local and international environmental laws and regulations. Our manufacturing operations, including former operations, could expose us to material environmental liabilities. Additionally, companies that we acquire may have environmental liabilities that might not be accurately assessed or brought to our attention at the time of the acquisition. Our Teledyne Battery Products unit makes lead acid batteries in California and is subject to a variety of environmental regulations and inspections, which have increased over time. Also, some of our sites conduct electroplating, metal finishing and other operations that utilize hazardous materials that are subject to similar regulations. Regulatory changes or failure by a business to meet applicable requirements could disrupt that business or force a closure or relocation of the business. Our products are subject to various regulations that prohibit or restrict the use of certain hazardous substances. Future hazardous substance restrictions or prohibitions may limit our ability to market some products in certain countries. For additional discussion of environmental matters, see the discussion under the caption Other Matters Environmental of Item 7 . Management s Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operation and Financial Condition and Note 17 . Other risks we face Natural and man-made disasters could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Several of our facilities, as a result of their locations, could be subject to a catastrophic loss caused by earthquakes, hurricanes, tornados, floods, ice storms, rising sea levels, droughts or other natural disasters. Many of our production facilities and our headquarters are located in California and thus are in areas with above average seismic activity and may also be at risk of damage due to wildfire or mudslides. Local utilities may impose blackouts during high fire risk weather conditions, which could result in disruptions to our businesses located in California, including our headquarters. In the event of a major earthquake, tornado, hurricane or catastrophic event such as fire, power loss, telecommunications failure, vandalism, cyber-attack, war, terrorist attack or health epidemic (including COVID), we may be unable to continue our operations and may endure system interruptions, reputational harm, delays in our application development, lengthy interruptions in our production, breaches of data security and loss of critical data, all of which could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition and have a material adverse impact on us. Starting in December 2022, a series of direct-action protests by political extremists on several of our facilities in the UK have resulted in trespass and vandalism and in some cases caused damage to our facilities and interrupted some productions lines for a period of time. Teledyne FLIR s components operation is a single source supplier of certain sensors used throughout the FLIR business, and a disruption in business due to a disaster could have a material adverse impact on the businesses of Teledyne FLIR. Teledyne s facilities in Quebec, Canada have been impacted by loss of electrical power caused by severe ice storms. In addition, we have manufacturing facilities in the southeastern United States and Texas that have been threatened or struck by major hurricanes. Our businesses located in Houston, Texas and Daytona Beach, Florida have been impacted in the past by hurricanes. Our facilities in Alabama, Florida, Nebraska, Tennessee and Virginia have also been threatened by tornados. If any of our facilities were to experience a catastrophic earthquake, wildfire, hurricane, storm, tornado or other natural disaster, or if Teledyne s major facilities experience long-term loss of electrical power, such event could disrupt our operations, delay production, shipments and revenue, result in large expenses to repair or replace the facility or facilities and could have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition, the insurance we maintain may be insufficient to cover our losses resulting from disasters, cyber-attacks or other business interruptions, and any incidents may result in loss of, or increased costs of, such insurance. Our existing disaster recovery and business continuity plans (including those relating to our information technology systems) may not be fully responsive to, or minimize losses associated with, catastrophic events. Disasters also have an indirect adverse impact on our business. For example, in 2018, a fire at a Netherlands-based facility of a key supplier of printed circuit boards resulted in delivery disruptions to the electronics industry, including to businesses in our Digital Imaging segment. Our business and operations could suffer in the event of cybersecurity breaches. Attempts by malicious actors to gain unauthorized access to our information technology systems have become more sophisticated and are sometimes successful. These attempts, which might be related to industrial or foreign government espionage, crime, activism, or other motivations, include covertly introducing malware into our computers and computer networks, performing reconnaissance, impersonating authorized users, extortion, fraud, and stealing, corrupting or restricting our access to data, among other activities. We have in the past experienced cyber-attacks including some loss of confidentiality and some loss of availability and integrity, although these attacks have not had material impact on our business. Our customers and suppliers have also experienced successful cyber-attacks, which in some cases resulted in payments by or to us being 16 Table of Contents unlawfully diverted. The theft, corruption, unauthorized use or publication of our intellectual property or confidential business information due to a cyber-attack could harm our competitive position, damage our reputation, reduce the value of our investment in R D and other strategic initiatives or otherwise adversely affect our business. We are subject to U.S. Department of War, Department of Homeland Security, and Department of Energy regulations applicable to certain types of data residing on or transiting through our information systems, and these regulations have been and will continue to be incorporated into certain U.S. Government contracts that we hold. To the extent that any security breach results in inappropriate disclosure of confidential or controlled information of employees, third parties or the U.S. Government, or any of the deployed security controls are deemed insufficient, we may incur liability or the loss of contracts or security clearances. As a result, we expect to continue to devote resources to the security of our information technology systems, operating technology systems, products and services. More resources may be required in the defense arena to the extent the U.S. Government increases its cybersecurity mandates. Unauthorized access to or control of our products, data, devices or systems could impact the safety of our customers and other third parties which could result in legal claims against us. Security breaches also could result in a violation of applicable U.S. and international privacy and other laws, including General Data Protection Regulation, Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act, Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard, and California Consumer Privacy Act, or SEC regulations, and subject us to private consumer or securities litigation and governmental investigations and proceedings, any of which could result in our exposure to material civil or criminal liability. The systemic cybersecurity risk environment is elevated, in part by geopolitical conflicts and tensions, including the war between Ukraine and Russia, and increased supply chain-related cyber-risks. New technologies, including generative AI, quantum computing, new uses of QR codes and other innovations in digital communications, introduce new attack vectors, and new potential compromise scenarios, which malicious adversaries can exploit. Defending against malicious use of these new disruptive technologies could result in significant expense. Issues in the development and use of AI may result in reputational harm or liability, and failure to introduce new and innovative products that have AI capabilities could put us at a competitive disadvantage. We currently incorporate machine learning and AI capabilities into certain of our products and solutions and may seek to expand the use of AI in our offerings in the future. As with many innovations, AI presents risks, challenges, and unintended consequences that could affect our business. AI algorithms and training methodologies may be flawed. These deficiencies and other failures of AI systems could subject us to competitive harm, regulatory action, legal liability, and brand or reputational harm. Further, incorporating AI could give rise to litigation risk and risk of non-compliance and unknown cost of compliance, as AI is an emerging technology for which the legal and regulatory landscape is not fully developed (including potential liability for breaching intellectual property or privacy rights or laws). While new AI initiatives, laws, and regulations are emerging and evolving, what they ultimately will look like remains uncertain, and our obligation to comply with them could entail significant costs, negatively affect our business, or entirely limit our ability to incorporate certain AI capabilities into our offerings. Additionally, leveraging AI capabilities to potentially improve internal functions and operations presents further risks and challenges. The use of AI to support business operations carries inherent risks related to data privacy and security, such as intended, unintended, or inadvertent transmission of proprietary, sensitive or export-controlled information, as well as challenges related to implementing and maintaining AI tools. Additionally, our competitors might move faster than us to gain efficiencies by incorporating AI into their design and development processes, and our products and/or cost structure could become less competitive as a result. The rapid evolution of AI will require the application of resources by us to develop, test and maintain our products, services and operations to help ensure that AI is implemented ethically in order to minimize unintended, harmful impact. Our competitors may be faster or more successful than we are in incorporating AI and other disruptive technology into their offerings, which would impair our ability to compete successfully. Our business may suffer if we are unable to attract and retain key personnel. Our future success depends to a significant extent upon the continued service of our executive officers and other key management and technical personnel and on our ability to continue to attract, retain and motivate qualified personnel. The lack of human capital due to very competitive labor market conditions in certain regions could impact our ability to deliver products and services. A significant portion of our revenue depends on the availability of a highly skilled technical workforce, the market for which is competitive. It is critical that we retain and develop our workforce to protect future revenue and improve our competitive advantage. 17 Table of Contents We also have a mature workforce. Some of our businesses, including our businesses in engineered systems as well as in traveling wave tube and integrated microwave module design and development, draw from a pool of specialized engineering talent that is small and, in some cases, currently shrinking. Some of our businesses have a need for employees with a certain level of security clearance, and competition for such employees has increased. While we have engaged in succession planning, the loss of the services of one or more of our key employees or our failure to attract, retain and motivate qualified personnel could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our business and financial results could be adversely affected by conditions and other factors associated with our suppliers and subcontractors. Some items we purchase for the manufacture of our products are purchased from limited or single sources of supply due to technical capability, price and other factors. Furthermore, sole source supply is more common among our businesses that are heavily involved in R D because there can be few suppliers in the world capable of producing the products or providing the services with the right highly specialized technology. In the case of our Defense Electronics businesses, once a part has been designed in, our customers often require lengthy and expensive qualification testing, potentially at the system level before a new supplier can be used on production hardware. Additionally, overall volumes are often small when compared to commercial markets. Both factors limit the ability to rapidly address supply chain issues when they occur. We have also outsourced from time to time the manufacturing of certain parts, components, subsystems and even finished products to single or limited sources, including international sources. Disruption of these sources or supplier-imposed rationing of scarce components could cause delays or reductions in shipments of our products or increases in our costs, which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition or operations. International sources pose additional risks, some of which are similar to those described above regarding international sales. With any continuing disruption in the global economy and financial markets, some of our suppliers may also continue to face issues gaining access to sufficient credit and materials to maintain their businesses, which could reduce the availability of some components and, to the extent such suppliers are single source suppliers, could adversely affect our ability to continue to manufacture and sell our products. Some companies engage subcontractors to perform a portion of the services we provide to our customers. To provide these services, the subcontractor must be financially viable and compliant with applicable laws, regulations and contract terms. Non-performance by a subcontractor could result in misalignment between subcontractor performance and our contractual obligations to our customers. We face risks related to sales through distributors and other third parties which could harm our business. We sell a portion of our products through third parties such as distributors, sales representatives and value-added resellers. Use of third party sales channels expose Teledyne to risks, including concentration, credit risk and legal risk because under certain circumstances we may be held responsible for the actions of third party intermediaries. We may rely on one or more key third party intermediaries for selling a product, and the loss of these third party intermediaries could reduce our revenue. Third party intermediaries may face financial difficulties, including bankruptcy, which could harm our collection of accounts receivables and financial results. Violations of anti-corruption laws, trade compliance regulations, procurement regulations and other laws and regulations by third party intermediaries could have a material impact on our business. Competitors could also block our access to such parties. Failing to manage risks related to our use of third party intermediaries may reduce sales, increase expenses, and weaken our competitive position, and result in sanctions against us. We may not be able to sell or reconfigure businesses, facilities or product lines that we determine no longer meet with our growth strategy or that should be consolidated. Consistent with our strategy to emphasize growth in our core markets, we continually evaluate our businesses to ensure that they are aligned with our strategy and objectives. Over the years we have also consolidated some of our business units and facilities, in some cases to respond to downturns in the defense or oil and gas industries, among other reasons. We may not be able to realize efficiencies and cost savings from our consolidation activities. Our ability to dispose of, exit or reconfigure businesses that may no longer be aligned with our growth strategy will depend on many factors, including the terms and conditions of any asset purchase and sale agreement or lease agreement, as well as industry, business and economic conditions. Risks related to Corporate Governance Matters Provisions of our governing documents, applicable law, and our Change in Control Severance Agreements could make an acquisition of Teledyne more difficult. Our Restated Certificate of Incorporation, our Fifth Amended and Restated Bylaws and the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware contain several provisions, that could make the acquisition of control of Teledyne, in a transaction not approved by our Board, more difficult. We have also entered into Change in Control Severance Agreements with eight members of our current management, which could have an anti-takeover effect. These provisions may prevent or discourage attempts to acquire our Company. 18 Table of Contents Our Fifth Amended and Restated Bylaws ( Bylaws ) designate the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware as the sole and exclusive forum for certain lawsuits between us and our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a judicial forum that it finds favorable for such lawsuits and make it more costly for our stockholders to bring such lawsuits, which may have the effect of discouraging such lawsuits. Our Bylaws provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the sole and exclusive forum for any (i) derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (ii) action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers, employees or agents to us or our stockholders, (iii) action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, Restated Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws or (iv) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine. Our Bylaws further provide that the federal district courts of the United States of America shall be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause or causes of action arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, including all causes of action asserted against any defendant to such complaint. Our Bylaws also provide that any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring or holding any interest in shares of our capital stock will be deemed to have notice of and consented to this forum selection provision. However, this forum selection provision is not intended to apply to any actions brought under the Exchange Act. Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder and accordingly, the forum selection provision in our Bylaws will not relieve us of our duties to comply with the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder, and our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with these laws, rules and regulations. Nevertheless, this forum selection provision in our Bylaws may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or any of our directors, officers and other employees, which may discourage lawsuits with respect to such claims, although our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. In addition, stockholders who do bring a claim in the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware could face additional litigation costs in pursuing any such claim, particularly if they do not reside in or near Delaware. While we believe the risk of a court declining to enforce the forum selection provision contained in our Bylaws is low, if a court were to find the provision inapplicable to, or unenforceable in respect of, one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. Risks Related to Our Securities An investment in Teledyne s common stock and other securities involve risks, many of which are beyond our control. Stock markets in general, including the New York Stock Exchange on which our common stock is listed, have experienced a high degree of price and volume fluctuations that are not necessarily related to operating performance of the listed companies. In addition to general economic, political and market conditions, such volatility may be related to: (i) changes from analysts expectations in revenues, earnings and other financial results; (ii) strategic actions by other competitors; (iii) changes to budgets or policies of the United States and other governments; and (iv) other risks described in this report. We cannot provide assurances as to our common stock price, which during fiscal 2025 ranged from a low of $419.00 to a high of $595.99. 19 Table of Contents 