=== LUV_2026-02-05.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors The Company’s operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to those described below. Other risks are described in “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” “Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk,” and the Consolidated Financial Statements and related Notes thereto. The Company’s business could also be affected by additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to the Company or that it currently deems to be immaterial. If any of these risks actually occurs, it could materially harm the Company’s business, financial condition, or results of operations, or impair the Company’s ability to implement its strategic plans. In that case, the market price of the Company’s common stock could decline. The following risk factors are summarized as financial; operational; information technology, cybersecurity, and data privacy; and legal, regulatory, compliance, and reputational. Financial Risks • The airline industry is particularly sensitive to changes in economic conditions, and continued or future unfavorable economic conditions or economic uncertainty could negatively affect the Company’s results of operations and require the Company to adjust its business strategies. • The Company's business, strategic plans, and profitability can be significantly affected by the availability of jet fuel, fuel prices, and volatility of fuel prices, and the Company's operations are subject to disruption in the event of any delayed supply of fuel. • The Company’s low-cost structure has historically been a competitive advantage, and many factors have and could continue to adversely affect the Company’s ability to control its costs. • Increases in insurance costs or reductions in insurance coverage may adversely impact the Company’s operations and financial results. • The Company’s business, operating results, and financial condition could be adversely impacted if it is unable to effectively execute its strategic plans. • The airline industry is intensely competitive. Operational Risks 27 Table of Contents • The Company is currently dependent on Boeing as the sole manufacturer of the Company’s aircraft. If the MAX aircraft were to become unavailable for the Company’s operations, or if the Company were not able to procure future aircraft in a timely manner or on favorable commercial terms, the Company’s business plans, strategies, and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. • Introducing a new aircraft manufacturer or fleet type could impose significant operational complexities, regulatory requirements, and costs on the Company. • The Company could be materially adversely affected in the event of conflict with its Employees or its Employees’ representatives or if the Company were unable to employ and retain appropriate numbers of qualified Employees to maintain its operations. • The Company is currently dependent on a single engine supplier, as well as single suppliers of certain other aircraft parts and equipment; therefore, the Company could be materially adversely affected (i) if it were unable to obtain timely or sufficient delivery of aircraft parts or equipment or adequate maintenance or other support, (ii) if suppliers were unable to achieve and/or maintain required regulatory certifications or approvals, or (iii) in the event of a mechanical or regulatory issue associated with the Company’s aircraft parts or equipment. • The airline industry has faced on-going security concerns and related cost burdens; further threatened or actual terrorist attacks, war, or other hostilities could significantly harm the airline industry and the Company’s operations. • Interruptions or disruptions in service at one of the Company’s core stations have had, and could in the future have, a material adverse impact on its operations. • The Company’s operations have been, and in the future may again be, materially and adversely disrupted by extreme weather events. The airline industry is made up of inherently complex systems and is affected by many conditions that are beyond its control. Information Technology, Cybersecurity, and Data Privacy Risks • The Company is heavily dependent on technology to operate its business; any failure, disruption, breach, or delay in the Company’s information systems or in implementation of necessary changes could materially adversely affect its operations. • The Company is increasingly exposed to cybersecurity attacks and data incidents impacting its IT Systems, and such incidents could have a disruptive and material adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial position, or results of operations. • The Company is expanding its use of AI and machine-learning, and any failure in its related strategy, compliance with regulations, or risk management could materially adversely affect its operations, reputation, and/or financial position. Legal, Regulatory, Compliance, and Reputational Risks • The Company is subject to extensive government regulation that may disrupt or necessitate modifications to the Company’s operations, business plans, and strategies, or increase the Company’s operating costs. • Airport capacity constraints and air traffic control inefficiencies have limited and could continue to limit the Company’s growth. • The Company is subject to various environmental requirements and risks; the cost of compliance with more stringent environmental regulations, failure to comply with environmental regulations, or failure to otherwise manage the risks of climate change effectively could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s results of operations. • The Company is subject to risks related to its sustainability goals and disclosures, which may affect stakeholder sentiment and the Company’s reputation and brand. • The Company’s future results may suffer if it is unable to effectively manage its current and contemplated international operations or Extended Operations. • The Company’s plans to develop commercial relationships with airlines in other parts of the world may not produce the results or returns it expects. 28 Table of Contents • The Company is currently subject to regulatory actions and pending litigation, and judgment, penalties, or fines rendered against the Company could adversely affect the Company’s operating results. • Conflicting federal, state, and local laws and regulations may impose additional requirements and restrictions on the Company’s operations, which could increase the Company’s operating costs, result in service disruptions, and increase litigation risk. • The Company’s reputation and brand could be harmed if it were to experience significant negative publicity through social media or otherwise. • The Company’s business has been, and could in the future be, negatively affected as a result of actions of activist shareholders, and such activism could adversely affect the strategic direction and business results of the Company. • The Company has adopted certain provisions in its Bylaws that could increase costs to bring a claim, discourage claims, limit the ability of the Company’s Shareholders to bring a claim, or limit the ability of the Company’s Shareholders to bring a claim in certain judicial forums. Financial Risks The airline industry is particularly sensitive to changes in economic conditions; in the event of continued or future unfavorable economic conditions or economic uncertainty, the Company's results of operations could be further negatively affected, which could require the Company to further adjust its business strategies. The airline industry, which is subject to relatively high fixed costs and highly variable and unpredictable demand, is particularly sensitive to changes in economic conditions, including changes in consumer discretionary spending as a result of inflation, rising interest rates, or other factors. Historically, unfavorable U.S. economic conditions have driven changes in travel patterns and have resulted in reduced spending for both leisure and business travel. For some consumers, leisure travel is a discretionary expense, and short-haul travelers, in particular, have the option to replace air travel with surface travel. Businesses and other travelers are able to forego air travel by using other communications such as videoconferencing, business communication platforms, and the Internet. Further, some businesses allow their employees to work remotely and/or restrict non-essential travel for their employees, which has impacted the demand for business air travel. In addition, to the extent business travel demand increases, businesses may require the purchase of less expensive tickets to reduce costs. This, in turn, can result in a decrease in average revenue per seat. During unfavorable economic conditions, low fares are often used to stimulate traffic. However, offering low fares typically hampers the ability of airlines to counteract any increases in fuel, labor, and other costs. Consumer behavior related to traveling may be negatively impacted by adverse changes in the perceived or actual economic climate, including declines in income levels or disposable income, and/or loss of wealth resulting from the impact of economic conditions. Government foreign-relations actions, including tariffs and immigration policies, may also reduce the willingness of non-U.S. persons to travel to or within the United States, including by air. Any continuing or future U.S. or global economic uncertainty could further negatively affect the Company’s results of operations and could cause the Company to further adjust its business strategies. Additionally, because a significant portion of expenses to operate a flight do not vary significantly with the number of passengers carried, a relatively small change in the number of passengers can have a disproportionate effect on an airline’s operating and financial results. Therefore, any general reduction in airline passenger traffic could adversely affect the Company’s results of operations. The Company's business can be significantly affected by the availability of jet fuel, fuel prices, and volatility of fuel prices and the Company's operations are subject to disruption in the event of any delayed supply of fuel; therefore, the Company's strategic plans and future profitability are likely to be affected by fuel availability, price increases, and fuel price volatility. Airlines are inherently dependent upon energy to operate, and jet fuel and oil represented approximately 19 percent of the Company's operating expenses for 2025. Even a small change in market fuel prices can significantly affect 29 Table of Contents profitability. The cost of fuel can be extremely volatile and unpredictable and is subject to many external factors and market expectations that are beyond the Company’s control. For example, fuel prices can be impacted by geopolitical, environmental (including those related to climate change), and economic factors, such as (i) dependency on foreign imports of crude oil and potential or actual hostilities or other conflicts in oil producing areas or along global trade routes; (ii) limitations and/or disruptions in domestic refining or pipeline operations or capacity due to weather, natural disasters, or other factors; (iii) worldwide demand for fuel, particularly in developing countries, which can result in inflated energy prices; (iv) changes in U.S. governmental policies on fuel production, transportation, taxes, and marketing; (v) imposition of economic sanctions on oil-producing countries or specific industry participants; and (vi) changes in currency exchange rates. The Company is also reliant upon the readily available supply and timely delivery of jet fuel to the airports that it serves. A disruption in refinery production or related service and transportation operations affecting supply could present significant challenges to the Company’s operations and could ultimately cause the cancellation of flights and/or hinder the Company’s ability to provide service to a particular airport. In addition, the occurrence of extreme weather events (regardless of cause), such as flooding, acute or prolonged winter storms, tropical storms, and hurricanes, can also disrupt the jet fuel supply chain and affect fuel prices. The Company’s ability to mitigate the impact of fuel price increases or volatility through increased fares or fees could also be limited by the competitive nature of the airline industry and the unpredictability of the market for air travel. Passengers often purchase tickets well in advance of their travel, and the Company may not be able to increase fares, impose fuel surcharges, increase revenues, or decrease other operating costs sufficiently to offset rapid or prolonged fuel price increases. Further, the Company faces the risk that higher fares may drive a decrease in air travel demand generally or a disproportionate decrease in leisure travel due to price sensitivity. Conversely, prolonged periods of low fuel prices may hinder the Company’s ability to execute on its strategic initiatives as other carriers compete by offering lower fares, flying longer-haul routes, or increasing capacity. Historically, the Company attempted to manage its risk associated with volatile jet fuel prices by utilizing over-the-counter fuel derivative instruments to hedge a portion of its future jet fuel purchases. However, based on higher fuel hedging premium costs over time and other factors, the Company terminated its remaining fuel hedge positions in second quarter 2025 and does not intend to add new fuel derivatives to its portfolio. The Company may review its approach to hedging from time to time based on market conditions and other factors. Purchasing jet fuel at prevailing market prices, which could change substantially over short periods of time, may make the Company’s earnings more vulnerable to volatile fuel prices and could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s results of operations and financial condition. If the Company were to resume its fuel hedging program in the future, it cannot guarantee that the fuel derivatives it uses will provide adequate protection against significant increases in fuel prices. In certain cases, the type of derivative instruments utilized could result in hedging losses, which could result in the Company effectively paying higher than market prices for fuel, thus creating additional volatility in the Company’s earnings. The Company’s ability to enter into fuel derivative instruments in the future could also be limited by market conditions. The Company’s prior period fuel hedging arrangements and the various potential impacts of hedge accounting on the Company’s financial position, cash flows, and results of operations are discussed in more detail under “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk,” and in Note 1 and Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. The Company's low-cost structure has historically been one of its primary competitive advantages, and many factors have adversely affected and could continue to adversely affect the Company's ability to control its costs. The Company’s low-cost structure has been one of its primary competitive advantages, as it has generally enabled the Company to offer low fares, drive traffic volume, grow market share, and protect profits. As discussed below under “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” the Company has experienced significant inflationary cost pressure, particularly with respect to Salaries, wages, and benefits 30 Table of Contents expense. The Company’s low-cost structure can also be negatively impacted by costs over which the Company has limited control. These include costs such as fuel, labor (especially union labor), airport, and regulatory compliance costs. The Company’s ability to control labor costs is limited by the terms of its collective-bargaining agreements. These agreements include required work rules and wage‑rate provisions, as well as other negotiated terms, that may restrict the Company’s operational flexibility and result in increased staffing or scheduling inefficiencies, thereby pressuring its cost structure relative to certain competitors. The Company’s unionized workforce makes up approximately 84 percent of its Employees and many have had pay scale increases as a result of contractual rate increases, which has increased the Company’s labor costs. Further, in response to staffing challenges, the Company has increased the minimum pay for certain of its workforce and provided incentive pay in certain instances. If new or amended labor agreements include additional pay increases, work rule requirements, or other terms that further elevate costs, the Company’s competitive cost position could be adversely affected. As discussed under “Business - Regulation,” the airline industry is heavily regulated, and the Company’s regulatory compliance costs are subject to potentially significant increases from time to time based on actions by regulatory agencies that are out of the Company’s control. Additionally, because of airport infrastructure updates and other factors, the Company has experienced increased space rental rates at various airports in its network. Further, the Company cannot control decisions by other airlines to reduce their capacity. When this occurs, as it has at times during recent years, certain fixed airport costs are allocated among a fewer number of total flights, which can result in increased landing fees and other costs for the Company. The Company is reliant upon third-party vendors and service providers, and the Company’s competitive position is dependent in part on its ability to obtain and maintain commercially reasonable terms with those parties. Disruptions to capital markets, shortages of skilled personnel, supply chain disruptions, increased regulation, geopolitical developments, tariffs, and/or adverse economic conditions could subject certain of the Company’s third-party vendors and service providers to significant financial pressures, which could lead to delays and other performance issues, ceased operations, or even bankruptcies among these third-party vendors and service providers. If a third-party vendor or service provider is unable to fulfill its commitments to the Company, the Company may be unable to replace that third-party vendor or service provider in a short period of time, or at competitive terms, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s results of operations. The Company participates in fuel consortium arrangements and fuel committees at certain airports. Fuel consortiums and fuel committees have, directly or indirectly, incurred debt obligations for improvements and capital projects for fuel facilities. While each participating airline in a consortium is generally allocated a share of the consortium’s costs based on usage, the inability of other participating airlines to satisfy their obligations with respect to fuel consortiums and fuel committees could adversely impact the Company’s financial results. Increases in insurance costs or reductions in insurance coverage may adversely impact the Company’s operations and financial results. As discussed under “Business - Insurance,” the Company carries insurance of types customary in the airline industry. Although the Company has been able to purchase aviation, property, liability, pollution, cybersecurity, and D&O/fiduciary insurance via the commercial insurance marketplace, costs have generally increased, and it is more difficult and, in some cases not possible, to obtain insurance for certain activities and weather-related events. For instance, the cost of insurance premiums related to hail and wind damage has increased for certain facilities, and certain flood insurance is no longer available. Available commercial insurance could be more expensive in the future and/or have material differences in coverage than insurance that has historically been provided and may not be adequate to protect against the Company’s risk of loss from future events, including acts of terrorism and severe weather events. With respect to any insurance claims, policy coverages and claims are subject to acceptance by the many insurers involved and may require arbitration, mediation, and/or litigation to effectively settle the claims over prolonged periods of time. The Company’s wholly-owned insurance captive uses actuarial services to determine the value of policies and reserves, which can be subject to fluctuation as past trends are not always indicative of future 31 Table of Contents loss developments. In addition, an aircraft accident or other incident involving Southwest could result in costs in excess of its related insurance coverage, which costs could be substantial. Any aircraft accident or other incident involving Southwest or Southwest’s strategic partners, even if fully insured, could also have a material adverse effect on the public’s perception of the Company, which could harm its reputation and business. The Company’s business, operating results, and financial condition could be adversely impacted if it is unable to effectively execute its strategic plans. The Company is reliant on the success of its strategic plans and initiatives to increase revenues and help offset increasing costs. The execution of the Company’s strategic plans have been and may again be negatively affected by macroeconomic conditions. In both 2024 and 2025, the Company announced plans for, and is in the process of implementing, certain transformational initiatives, such as changing to an assigned seating model, offering extra legroom seating, formalizing partnerships with international carriers to expand its network, offering Getaways by Southwest, introducing 24-hour operations, reducing the turn times between flights, and introducing bag fees for most fare products. The Company’s transformational initiatives are discussed in more detail under “Business.” The Company made certain assumptions in developing its strategic plans and initiatives related to, for example, customer demand (in light of changing economic conditions), fuel costs, delivery of aircraft, aircraft certification approval timelines, labor market constraints and related costs, supply chain constraints, inflationary pressures, voluntary or mandatory groundings of aircraft, its network, competition, market consolidation, and other macroeconomic and geopolitical factors. The timely and effective execution of the Company’s strategies is dependent upon, among other factors, (i) the Company’s ability to balance its network schedule and capacity with the availability and location of its crew resources; (ii) the Company’s ability to effectively balance its investment of incremental operating expenses and capital expenditures related to its strategies against the need to effectively control costs; (iii) the Company’s ability to timely and effectively implement, transition, and maintain related information technology systems and infrastructure; (iv) the Company’s ability to secure labor agreements or modifications necessary to support certain operational or strategic initiatives; (v) the Company’s ability to maintain satisfactory relations with its Employees or its Employees’ representatives; (vi) the Company’s ability to retain and broaden its Customer base; and (vii) the Company’s dependence on third parties with respect to the execution of its strategic plans. The Company’s commercial and operational initiatives are designed to meet evolving Customer preferences, increase revenue opportunities, mitigate cost pressures, and modernize processes. Nevertheless, these measures and any future initiatives may hurt the Company’s competitive position and Customer loyalty rather than improve it and may not be successful in increasing revenues or offsetting costs. Furthermore, the execution of the Company’s strategic plans may exacerbate other risks described in this Form 10-K. Actual conditions may be different from the Company’s assumptions at any time and could cause the Company to further adjust its strategic plan. Additionally, the implementation of these initiatives may create logistical or reputational challenges that could harm the operational performance of the airline or result in decreased demand for air travel on Southwest. If the Company does not successfully execute its transformational initiatives or other strategic plans, or if actual results vary significantly from its expectations, the Company’s business, operating results, and financial condition may be adversely affected. The airline industry is intensely competitive. As discussed in more detail under “Business—Competition,” the airline industry is intensely competitive. The Company’s primary competitors include other major domestic airlines, as well as regional and new entrant airlines, public charter operators, surface transportation, and alternatives to transportation such as videoconferencing, business communication platforms, and the Internet. The Company’s historical low-fare position has been challenged by the removal of fare floors for certain routes by other carriers, leading to a lower fare offering across the industry, as well as “unbundled” service offerings by some carriers, which appeal to price-sensitive travelers through promotion to consumers of relatively low base fare options. Additionally, most major U.S. airlines offer expanded cabin segmentation fare products, such as “basic economy,” “premium economy,” and “first class” products. To meet Customer preferences and better compete with the major U.S. airlines, the Company has moved to a more segmented approach, offering a basic economy product 32 Table of Contents and a premium economy fare product with extra legroom. The Company has also moved to an assigned seating model and now charges bag fees for most fare products. The competitiveness of the Company’s offerings could be adversely affected if it is unable to implement new initiatives in a timely and successful manner or if Customers are unwilling to accept the Company’s product and policy changes. If the Company cannot adequately retain and attract Customers or differentiate its product offerings from those of its competitors, then its business, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. The Company’s revenues are sensitive to the actions of other carriers with respect to pricing, routes, loyalty programs, scheduling, capacity, customer service, operational reliability, comfort and amenities, product offerings, cost structure, aircraft fleet, strategic alliances, and code-sharing and similar activities. Many of the Company’s competitors participate in joint ventures and international alliances, providing for increased financial resources and improved profit margins. Many major U.S. airlines also offer longer-haul, international routes through extensive global networks. In order to compete with these activities and expand its transatlantic and transpacific service offerings, the Company began to enter into international partnerships in 2025. Failure to successfully implement and manage international partnerships could result in financial losses and reputational harm. The airline industry also has been and may again be impacted by bankruptcies, mergers, acquisitions, or heightened financial pressures. Further consolidation in the airline industry generally could result in the reduction of fares by other airlines, which could in turn affect the Company’s profitability in existing and new markets. If the Company cannot compete with other airlines’ offerings or maintain its costs at a competitive level, then its business, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. Operational Risks The Company is currently dependent on Boeing as the sole manufacturer of the Company's aircraft. If the MAX aircraft were to become unavailable for the Company's operations, or if the Company were to continue to experience prolonged delivery delays of MAX aircraft, the Company's business plans, strategies, and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. The Boeing MAX aircraft are crucial to the Company’s ability to operate and grow its business and fleet modernization initiatives. The Company operates the -8 out of the MAX family of aircraft and is awaiting delivery of the -7 out of the MAX family of aircraft. Deliveries of MAX aircraft from Boeing to the Company are subject to Boeing’s production schedules and volumes. Boeing has in the past, and may continue to, experience delays in fulfilling its commitments with regards to delivery of the -8 to the Company as a result of manufacturing challenges. Further, the Company’s contractual delivery schedule for the -7 is dependent on the FAA issuing required certifications and approvals to Boeing and the Company. The FAA will ultimately determine the timing of the -7 certification and entry into service, and the Company therefore offers no assurances that current estimations and timelines are correct. The Company currently operates a higher proportion of the Boeing 737 aircraft than other air carriers in the industry, and therefore may encounter novel hazards, age-related maintenance issues, or airworthiness issues associated with 737 aircraft to a larger degree than other carriers with more diversified fleets. Boeing no longer manufactures versions of the 737 other than the MAX family of aircraft. If the MAX aircraft were to become unavailable for the Company’s flight operations, the Company’s operations would be materia

=== LUV_2026-04-23.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025. Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities (1) (a) (b) (c) (d) Period Total number of shares purchased Average price paid per share (2) Total number of shares purchased as part of publicly announced plans or programs Maximum dollar value of shares that may yet be purchased under the plans or programs January 1, 2026 through January 31, 2026 24,563,132 $ — (3)(4) 24,563,132 $ 550,000,000 February 1, 2026 through February 28, 2026 — $ — — $ 550,000,000 March 1, 2026 through March 31, 2026 3,866,690 $ — (4)(5) 3,866,690 $ 450,000,095 Total 28,429,822 28,429,822 (1) On July 23, 2025, the Board approved a $2.0 billion share repurchase authorization of the Company's common stock. Subject to certain conditions, repurchases may be made in accordance with applicable securities laws in open market or private, including accelerated, repurchase transactions from time to time, depending on market conditions. (2) Excludes immaterial amount of excise tax on share repurchases, net of issuances. (3) Under a forward contract entered into by the Company in December 2025, the Company committed $750 million for the January 2026 ASR Program under which the Company paid $750 million in January 2026 and received total delivery of 17,965,193 shares as settlement in full. Upon completion of the January 2026 ASR Program in January 2026, the average purchase price per share for the 17,965,193 shares repurchased was $41.75. (4) Under the First Quarter 2026 ASR Program, the Company paid $400 million and received an initial delivery of 6,597,939 shares during January 2026, representing an estimated 80 percent of the shares to be purchased by the Company under the First Quarter 2026 ASR Program. This share amount was based on the $48.50 closing price of the Company's common stock on January 29, 2026. Upon settlement, the third-party financial institution delivered 1,372,650 additional shares of the Company’s common stock to the Company in March 2026 based on a discount to the volume-weighted average price per share of the Company's common stock during the calculation period. Upon completion of the First Quarter 2026 ASR Program in March 2026, the average purchase price per share for the 7,970,589 shares repurchased was $50.18. (5) During the period from March 13, 2026 through March 19, 2026, the Company repurchased $100 million of its outstanding common stock on the open market. The Company received a total of 2,494,040 shares of its common stock through the open market repurchases at an average price of $40.12 per share. Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities None Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 40 Table of Contents Not applicable Item 5. Other Information None 41 Table of Contents Item 6. Exhibits 3.1 Restated Certificate of Formation of the Company, effective May 18, 2012 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2012 (File No. 1-7259)). 3.2 Fifth Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company, effective May 16, 2025 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 19, 2025 (File No. 1-7259)). 10.1 Southwest Airlines Co. Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan Form of Notice of Grant and Terms and Conditions for Restricted Stock Unit grants effective 2026. ( 2) 10.2 Southwest Airlines Co. Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan Form of Notice of Grant and Terms and Conditions for Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit grants effective 2026. (2) 10.3 Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of March 11, 2026, among Southwest Airlines Co., the banks party thereto, and the administrative agent party thereto. 10.4 Supplemental Agreement No. 25 to Purchase Agreement No. 3729, dated December 13, 2011, between the Boeing Company and the Company. (1) 31.1 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer. 31.2 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer. 32.1 Section 1350 Certifications of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. ( 3 ) 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - The instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). (1) Certain confidential information contained in this agreement has been omitted because it is both not material and is of the type that the registrant treats as private or confidential. (2) Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. (3) Furnished, not filed. 42 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. SOUTHWEST AIRLINES CO. April 23, 2026 By: /s/ Tom Doxey Tom Doxey Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer (On behalf of the Registrant and in his capacity as Principal Financial Officer) 43 