=== AMAT_2025-12-12.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A: Risk Factors The following risk factors could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations and cause reputational harm, and should be carefully considered in evaluating our business, in addition to other information presented elsewhere in this report. Business and Industry Risks The industries we serve can be volatile and difficult to predict. The industries in which we operate, including the global semiconductor industry, have historically been cyclical and are subject to volatility in customer demand. Demand for our products and services is impacted by technology inflections and advances in fabrication processes, new and emerging technologies and market drivers, production capacity relative to demand for semiconductor chips and electronic devices, end-user demand, the timing of customers’ investment in new or expanded fabrication plants, customers’ capacity utilization, production volumes, access to affordable capital, business and consumer buying patterns and general economic and political conditions. Artificial intelligence (AI) and technologies related to AI are a significant demand driver for the industries we serve. AI is evolving rapidly and the expected timing and amount of investments related to AI can change significantly. As a result, it is difficult to accurately forecast demand for our products related to AI. Changes in demand can affect the timing and amounts of customer investments in technology and manufacturing equipment and can significantly impact our operating results. The amount and mix of our customers’ capital equipment spending between different products and technologies can also significantly impact our operating results. To meet rapidly changing demand, we must accurately forecast demand and effectively manage our resources, investments, production capacity, supply chain, workforce, inventory and other components of our business. We may incur unexpected or additional costs to align our business operations with changes in demand. If we do not effectively manage these challenges, our business performance and operating results may be adversely impacted. Even with effective allocation of resources and management of costs, our gross and operating margins, cash flows and earnings may be adversely impacted during periods of changing demand. We are exposed to risks associated with an uncertain global economy. Our business and the industries in which we operate can be impacted by uncertain or adverse economic and business conditions, including uncertainties and volatility in the financial markets, national debt, fiscal or monetary concerns, inflation and changes in interest rates, bank failures, tariffs and trade policies and economic recession. These conditions have caused, and may in the future cause, our customers to delay, cancel or refrain from purchasing our equipment or services, which could negatively impact demand for our products and services, reduce our backlog and increase our inventory. Customers may also scale back operations, exit businesses, merge with other manufacturers, or file for bankruptcy, which can reduce our revenue and result in additional inventory or bad debt expense. Other equipment manufacturers may also consolidate or form strategic alliances, which could adversely affect our ability to compete. These conditions make it more difficult to accurately forecast operating and financial results and make business and investment decisions. We may be required to implement additional cost reduction efforts, including restructuring activities, which may adversely impact our ability to capitalize on opportunities. Even during periods of economic uncertainty or lower demand, we must continue to invest in research and development and maintain a global business infrastructure to compete effectively and support our customers. The consequences of these conditions could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our investment portfolio is subject to general credit, liquidity, market and interest rate risks, which may be exacerbated by rising inflation, rising interest rates, bank failures or economic recession and the value and liquidity of our portfolio and returns on pension assets could be negatively impacted and lead to impairment charges. We also maintain cash balances in various bank accounts globally and if any of these financial institutions become insolvent, it could limit our ability to access our cash and affect our ability to manage our operations. We are exposed to the risks of operating a global business. We have product development, engineering, manufacturing, sales and other operations distributed throughout many countries, and some of our business activities are concentrated in certain geographic areas. In fiscal 2025, approximately 89% of our net revenue was to customers in regions outside the United States. As a result of the global nature of our operations, we are subject to a number of factors that could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. These factors include global political and social conditions, such as policies or regulations within countries, including in China, the United States and countries in Europe and Asia, that favor domestic companies over non-domestic companies, including efforts to promote the development and growth of local competitors to us, or regarding national, commercial or security issues. Other factors include geopolitical turmoil, acts of war or social unrest; our ability to maintain appropriate business processes, procedures and internal controls in our geographically diverse operations; delays or restrictions 11 Table of Contents on personnel travel and in shipping materials or products; our ability to develop relationships with local customers, suppliers and governments; performance of our geographically diverse third-party providers; impacts of regional or global health epidemics, natural disasters and extreme and chronic weather events; fluctuations in interest rates and currency exchange rates; as well as other factors discussed in this Risk Factors section. Any of these factors may have an adverse impact on our business and manufacturing operations or demand for our products and services, and our performance and results of operations may be adversely affected. Global trade issues and changes in and uncertainties with respect to trade policies and export regulations, including import and export license requirements, trade sanctions, tariffs and international trade disputes, have adversely impacted and could further adversely impact our business and operations, and reduce the competitiveness of our products and services relative to local and global competitors. A majority of our products and services are delivered to customers in jurisdictions outside of the United States, including China, Taiwan and Korea. We also purchase a significant portion of equipment and supplies from suppliers outside of the United States. There is inherent risk, based on the complex relationships among the United States and the countries in which we conduct our business, that political, diplomatic and national security factors can lead to global trade restrictions and changes in trade policies and export regulations that affect the semiconductor industry. The United States and other countries have imposed and may continue to impose new trade restrictions and export regulations, have levied tariffs and taxes on certain goods and could significantly increase or impose new tariffs on a broad array of goods. Trade restrictions and export regulations, or increased or new tariffs and additional taxes, including any retaliatory measures, can negatively impact end-user demand and customer investment in semiconductor equipment, increase our supply chain complexity and our manufacturing costs, decrease margins, reduce the competitiveness of our products, or restrict our ability to sell products, provide services or purchase necessary equipment and supplies, any or all of which could have a material and adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. For example, certain international sales depend on our ability to obtain export licenses, and our inability to obtain such licenses has limited and could further limit our markets and negatively impact our business. Over the past several years, the U.S. government announced additional export regulations for U.S. semiconductor technology sold in China, including wafer fabrication equipment and related parts and services, with disparate impact on companies in different jurisdictions, which have limited the market for certain of our products and services, adversely impacted our revenues and increased our exposure to foreign and Chinese domestic competition. The U.S. Department of Commerce expanded export license requirements for U.S. companies that sell certain products or provide certain services to entities in China whose actions or functions are intended to support military end uses, eliminated certain export license exceptions for exports of certain items to China, added certain Chinese companies to its “Entity List,” making those companies subject to additional licensing requirements, and expanded licensing requirements for exports to China of items for use in the development or production of integrated circuits and certain technologies. These regulations require us to obtain additional export licenses to supply certain of our products or provide services to certain customers in China. Obtaining export licenses may be difficult and time-consuming, and there is no assurance we will be issued licenses on a timely basis or at all. Our inability to obtain such licenses could limit our sales in China, may cause us to be displaced by foreign and Chinese domestic companies and adversely affect our results of operations. The implementation and interpretation of these complex rules and other regulatory actions taken by the U.S. government are uncertain and evolving and may make it more challenging for us to manage our operations and forecast our operating results. The U.S. and other governments may promulgate new or additional export licensing or other requirements that have the effect of further limiting our ability to provide certain products and services to customers outside the U.S., including China. The U.S. government may also revise or expand existing requirements or issue guidance clarifying the scope and application of these requirements, which could change the impact of these rules on our business and manufacturing operations. The U.S. government may also continue to add customers to its “Entity List,” promulgate additional restrictions, or take measures that could disrupt our product shipments or the provision of services to certain customers. These and other potential future regulatory changes could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. As a global business with customers, suppliers and operations in many countries around the world, from time to time we may receive inquiries from government authorities about transactions between us and certain foreign entities. For example, since 2022, we have received multiple subpoenas from government authorities requesting information relating to certain China customer shipments and export controls compliance, including from the U.S. Department of Justice, the U.S. Commerce Department Bureau of Industry and Security and the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. We are cooperating fully with the U.S. government in these matters. We have continued to receive related subpoenas, as well as requests for information, and may in the future receive additional related subpoenas and requests for information from such or other government authorities. Any such inquiries are subject to uncertainties, and we cannot predict the outcome of these inquiries, or any other governmental inquires or proceedings that may occur. Any violation or alleged violation of law or regulations could result in significant legal costs or in legal proceedings in which we or our employees could be subjected to fines and penalties and could result in restrictions on our business and damage to our global brand and reputation, and could have a material and adverse impact on our business operations, financial condition and results of operations. 12 Table of Contents Furthermore, government authorities may take retaliatory actions, impose conditions that require the use of local suppliers or partnerships with local companies, require the license or other transfer of sensitive data or intellectual property, or engage in other efforts to promote local businesses and local competitors, which could have a material and adverse impact on our business. Many of these challenges are present in China and Korea, markets that represent a significant portion of our business. We are exposed to risks and uncertainty related to changes in trade policies, and increased tariffs and trade disputes. Our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected by uncertainty and changes in trade policies, including tariffs, and trade disputes between the United States and other countries. The United States has announced changes to its trade policy, including increased tariffs on imports. These actions have caused substantial uncertainty and have resulted in retaliatory measures, including new tariffs on U.S. goods imposed by China and other countries. Some of these actions have been followed by announcements of limited exemptions and temporary pauses and trade frameworks with certain countries. A significant number of our customers and suppliers are located outside of the United States. Increases in tariffs increase our costs and can negatively impact our margins and reduce the competitiveness of our products due to the increase in the cost of importing materials, parts and components used in manufacturing our products. Tariffs can also increase supply chain complexity and may make it more difficult to purchase necessary equipment and supplies to manufacture our products. Increases in tariffs, including reciprocal and sector-based tariffs, also increase the cost to our customers of importing our products, which could harm customer demand for our products. Uncertainty or volatility with respect to tariffs and trade disputes may also make it difficult for us and our customers and suppliers to make and execute business and capital equipment investment plans; lead to global or regional inflation and economic recession and reduce demand for semiconductor chips and electronic devices; cause our customers to delay or cancel orders or negatively impact our competitive position; impede our ability to purchase materials, including critical materials and minerals, and disrupt supply chain and logistics. For example, in 2025 the Chinese government implemented export controls on the export of rare earth minerals that are used in certain of our products and may implement additional controls in the future. We may take actions to mitigate the impact of increases in tariffs and changes in trade policies, but there can be no assurance that we will be successful, and any such actions could result in additional costs, manufacturing delays or other difficulties, as well as additional risks, and may not be effective. Any or all of these factors may have a material and adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We are exposed to risks associated with a highly concentrated customer base. A relatively limited number of customers account for a substantial portion of our business. As a result, the actions of even a single customer have exposed and can further expose our business and operating results to greater volatility. Our customer base is geographically concentrated, particularly in China, Taiwan and Korea, and export regulations that apply to customers in certain countries, such as those in China, have exposed and can further expose our business and operating results to greater volatility. The geographic concentration of our customer base could shift over time as a result of changes in technology and competitive landscape, as well as government policy and incentives to develop regional semiconductor industries. The mix and type of customers and sales to any single customer, including as a result of changes in government policy, have varied and may vary significantly over time and may continue to have a significant impact on our operating results. Our products are configured to customer specifications, and changing, rescheduling or canceling orders may result in significant, non-recoverable costs. If customers do not place orders, or they substantially reduce, delay or cancel orders, we may not be able to replace the business, which may have a material and adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition. The concentration of our customer base increases our risks related to the financial condition of our customers, and the deterioration in financial condition of a single customer or the failure of a single customer to perform its obligations could have a material and adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flow. To the extent our customers experience liquidity constraints, we may incur bad debt expense, which may have a significant impact on our results of operations. Major customers may seek pricing, payment, intellectual property-related, or other commercial terms that are less favorable to us, which may have a negative impact on our business, cash flow, revenue and gross margins. Supply chain disruptions, manufacturing interruptions or delays, or the failure to accurately forecast customer demand, could affect our ability to meet customer demand, lead to higher costs, or result in excess or obsolete inventory. Our business depends on our timely supply of products and services to meet the changing requirements of our customers, which depends in part on the timely delivery of parts, materials and services from suppliers and contract manufacturers. Volatility in demand for our products and worldwide demand for semiconductor chips and electronic devices can impact our suppliers’ ability to meet our demand requirements and has in the past resulted in a shortage of parts, materials and services needed to manufacture our products. These shortages, as well as delays in and unpredictability of shipments due to transportation interruptions, may adversely impact our manufacturing operations and our ability to meet customer demand. Supply chain constraints may increase costs of logistics and parts for our products and may cause us to pass on increased costs to our customers, which may lead to reduced demand for our products. Supply chain disruptions have in the past caused, and may from time to time cause, delays in our equipment production and delivery schedules, which can lead to our business 13 Table of Contents performance becoming significantly dependent on quarter-end production and delivery schedules. We may further experience supply chain disruptions, significant interruptions of our manufacturing operations, delays in our ability to deliver or install products or services, increased costs, customer order cancellations or reduced demand for our products as a result of: • global trade issues and changes in and uncertainties with respect to trade and export regulations, trade policies and sanctions, tariffs, international trade disputes, particularly those relating to exports of certain technologies to China, where a significant portion of our supply chain is located, and any retaliatory measures, that adversely impact us or our direct or sub-tier suppliers; • political instability, social unrest, terrorism, acts of war or other geopolitical turmoil in locations where we or our customers or suppliers have operations; • the failure or inability to accurately forecast demand and obtain quality parts on a cost-effective basis; • cybersecurity incidents affecting our supply chain; • volatility in the availability and cost of parts, commodities, energy and shipping related to our products, including increased costs due to rising inflation or interest rates or other market conditions, as well as uncertainties arising from the imposition of tariffs and any retaliatory measures; • difficulties or delays in obtaining required import or export licenses and approvals; • shipment delays due to transportation interruptions or capacity constraints; • a worldwide shortage of semiconductor components as a result of sharp increases in demand for semiconductor products in general; • limited availability of critical materials and minerals, including due to Chinese government restrictions on the export of certain rare earth minerals implemented in 2025, which could be expanded in the future, and limited feasible alternatives to materials subject to existing or proposed regulations to limit their use (such as hydrofluorocarbons and per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances), which are found in parts, components, process chemicals and other materials supplied to us or used in the manufacturing or operations of our products; and • impacts of natural disasters, extreme and chronic weather events, regional or global health epidemics, or other events beyond our control. If a supplier fails to meet our requirements concerning quality, cost, intellectual property protection or other performance factors, or does not meet regulatory requirements applicable to our supply chain, we may transfer our business to alternative sources, which could result in manufacturing delays, additional costs or other difficulties, and impair our ability to protect, enforce and extract the full value of our intellectual property rights and the intellectual property rights of our customers and other third parties. If we need to rapidly increase our business and manufacturing capacity to meet increases in demand or expedited shipment schedules, this may strain our manufacturing and supply chain operations and negatively impact our working capital. If we are unable to accurately forecast demand for our products, we may purchase more or fewer parts than necessary or incur costs for canceling, postponing or expediting delivery of parts. If we purchase or commit to purchase inventory in anticipation of customer demand that does not materialize, or the inventory is rendered obsolete by the rapid pace of technological change, or if customers reduce, delay or cancel orders, we may incur excess or obsolete inventory charges. Any of these events impacting our supply chain could affect our ability to meet our customers’ demand, result in higher costs to us and have an adverse effect on customer relationships and our business, financial condition and results of operations. We are exposed to various factors that impact the industries in which we operate, including factors specific to the semiconductor industry. The industries in which we operate are characterized by factors that impact demand for and the profitability of our products and services and our operating results. The largest proportion of our net revenue and profitability is derived from our Semiconductor Systems segment’s sale of a wide range of equipment used to fabricate semiconductor chips, and a majority of the revenue of Applied Global Services is from sales to semiconductor manufacturers. The industries in which we operate, including the semiconductor industry, are characterized by factors particular to these industries that impact demand for and the profitability of our products and services, including: • changes in demand for semiconductor chips and electronic devices, including those related to fluctuations in consumer buying patterns tied to general economic or geopolitical conditions, seasonality or the introduction of new products; • the frequency and complexity of technology transitions and inflections, and our ability to timely and effectively anticipate and adapt to these changes; 14 Table of Contents • the cost of research and development due to many factors, including shrinking geometries, the use of new materials, new and more complex device structures, more applications and process steps, increasing chip design costs, and the cost and complexity of integrated manufacturing processes; • the need to reduce product development time and meet technical challenges; • the number of types and varieties of semiconductors and number of applications; • capital requirements for building and operating new fabrication plants and customers’ ability to raise the necessary capital; • trade, regulatory, tax or government incentives impacting customers’ investment in new or expanded fabrication plants and semiconductor research and development; • the cost and complexity for customers to move from product design to volume manufacturing, and the impact on investment in capital equipment; • semiconductor manufacturers’ levels of capital expenditures and the allocation of capital investment to market segments that we do not serve, such as lithography, or segments where our products have lower relative market presence; • delays in installation of our equipment delivered to customers; • changes in growth rates among the semiconductor and other industries in which we operate; • the importance of increasing market positions in segments with growing demand; • manufacturers’ ability to reconfigure and re-use equipment, resulting in diminished need to purchase new equipment and services from us, and challenges in providing parts for reused equipment; • the availability of spare parts to maximize the time that customers’ systems are available for production; • system reliability and productivity and the effect on demand for fabrication systems as a result of their increasing productivity, device yield and reliability; • shorter cycle times between order placements by customers and product shipment require greater reliance on forecasting of customer investment, which may lead to inventory write-offs and manufacturing inefficiencies that decrease gross margin; • competitive factors that make it difficult to enhance position, including total cost of manufacturing system ownership and other challenges in securing development-tool-of-record (DTOR) and production-tool-of-record (PTOR) positions with customers; • consolidation in the semiconductor industry, including among semiconductor manufacturers and among semiconductor equipment suppliers; • shifts in sourcing strategies by computer and electronics companies, and manufacturing processes for advanced circuit technologies, that impact the equipment requirements of our foundry customers; • the fragmentation of semiconductor markets, leading certain markets to become too small to support the cost of a new fabrication plant, while others require less technologically advanced products; • the importance of specialty markets (such as internet of things, communications, automotive, power and sensors) that use process technologies that have a low barrier to entry; • the increasing role for and complexity of software in our products; • the focus on reducing energy usage and improving the environmental impact and sustainability associated with manufacturing operations, and the availability of adequate and reliable sources of energy; and • the importance of advanced packaging to AI computing. If we do not effectively address these factors, accurately forecast and allocate appropriate resources and investment towards addressing key technology changes and inflections, successfully develop and commercialize products to meet demand for new technologies, and effectively address industry trends, our business and results of operations may be materially and adversely impacted. The industries in which we operate are highly competitive and subject to rapid technological and market changes. We operate in a highly competitive environment in which innovation is critical, and our future success depends on many factors, including the development of new technologies, commercialization of our products and services, and our ability to increase our position in our current markets and expand into adjacent and new markets. The development, introduction and 15 Table of Contents support of products in a geographically diverse and competitive environment requires collaboration with customers and other industry participants, which has grown more complex and expensive over time. New or improved products may entail higher costs and longer development cycles, and may have unforeseen product design or manufacturing defects. To compete successfully, we must: • identify and address technology inflections, market changes, competitor innovations, new applications, customer requirements and end-use demand; • develop new products and disruptive technologies, improve and develop new applications for existing products, and adapt products for use by customers in different applications and markets with varying technical requirements; • complete our new Equipment and Process Innovation and Commercialization Center and other major infrastructure projects on schedule and on budget, and realize the anticipated benefits of those projects; • differentiate our products from those of competitors, meet customers’ performance specifications, and successfully commercialize our products and achieve market acceptance; • maintain operating flexibility to enable responses to changing markets, applications and customer requirements; • enhance our worldwide operations across our businesses to reduce cycle time, enable continuous quality improvement, reduce costs, and enhance design for manufacturability and serviceability; • focus on product development and sales and marketing strate

=== AMAT_2026-05-21.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A of our most recent Form 10-K. These factors could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations and cause reputational harm, and should be carefully considered in evaluating our business, in addition to other information presented elsewhere in this report. Business and Industry Risks The industries we serve can be volatile and difficult to predict. The industries in which we operate, including the global semiconductor industry, have historically been cyclical and are subject to volatility in customer demand. Demand for our products and services is impacted by technology inflections and advances in fabrication processes, new and emerging technologies and market drivers, production capacity relative to demand for semiconductor chips and electronic devices, end-user demand, the timing of customers’ investment in new or expanded fabrication plants, customers’ capacity utilization, production volumes, access to affordable capital, business and consumer buying patterns and general economic and political conditions. Changes in the timing, amounts and mix of our customers’ investments in technology and manufacturing equipment and between different products can significantly impact our operating results. The growth of technologies related to artificial intelligence (AI) is a significant demand driver for the industries we serve and can require us to respond to rapid changes in demand for our products and services. If we are unable to meet the level of demand from our customers it may result in a loss of business or customer trust. The timing and amount of investments by our customers related to AI and other advanced technologies can change significantly and the related demand for our products and services is difficult to forecast. To meet our customers’ demand, we must accurately forecast demand and effectively manage our resources, investments, production capacity, supply chain, workforce, inventory and other components of our business. We may incur costs in anticipation of demand that may not be realized or sustained, as well as unexpected costs to align our operations with changes in demand. If we do not effectively manage these challenges, our business performance and operating results may be adversely impacted. Even with effective allocation of resources and management of costs, our gross and operating margins, cash flows and earnings may be adversely impacted during periods of changing demand. We are exposed to risks associated with an uncertain global economy. Our business and the industries we serve are subject to uncertain and adverse economic and business conditions, including volatility in financial markets, national debt, fiscal or monetary concerns, inflation, changes in interest rates, bank failures, tariffs and trade policies, and economic recession. These conditions have caused, and may in the future cause, our customers to delay, cancel or reduce purchases of our equipment or services. Customers may also scale back operations, exit businesses, consolidate, or file for bankruptcy. Consolidation or strategic alliances among other equipment manufacturers could also intensify competition and adversely affect our market position. These conditions make it more difficult to forecast operating and financial results and make business and investment decisions. We may be required to implement additional cost reduction efforts, including restructuring activities, which could impair our ability to capitalize on opportunities. Even during periods of economic uncertainty or lower demand, we must continue to invest in research and development and maintain a global business infrastructure to compete effectively and support our customers. The consequences of these conditions could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our investment portfolio is subject to general credit, liquidity, market and interest rate risks, which may be exacerbated by inflation, rising interest rates, bank failures or economic recession. These factors could reduce the value or liquidity of our investments or pension assets and result in impairment charges. We also maintain cash balances at financial institutions worldwide, and the insolvency of any such institution could restrict access to our cash and adversely affect our ability to manage operations. We are exposed to the risks of operating a global business. We have product development, engineering, manufacturing, sales and other operations distributed throughout many countries, and some of our business activities are concentrated in certain geographic areas. In the three-month period ended April 26, 2026, approximately 88% of our revenue was from customers in regions outside the United States. As a result of the global nature of our operations, we are subject to a number of factors that could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. These factors include global political and social conditions, such as policies or regulations within countries, including in China, the United States and countries in Europe and Asia, that favor domestic companies over non-domestic companies, including efforts to promote the development and growth of local competitors to us, or regarding national, commercial or security issues. Other factors include geopolitical turmoil, acts of war or social unrest; our ability to maintain appropriate business processes, procedures and internal controls in our geographically diverse operations; 47 Table of Contents delays or restrictions on personnel travel and in shipping materials or products; our ability to develop relationships with local customers, suppliers and governments; performance of our geographically diverse third-party providers; impacts of regional or global health epidemics, natural disasters and extreme and chronic weather events; fluctuations in interest rates and currency exchange rates; as well as other factors discussed in this Risk Factors section. Ongoing conflict in the Middle East can exacerbate the foregoing factors and lead to regional instability and uncertain global economic conditions, including global or regional inflation, economic recession, challenges in purchasing materials used by us or by our customers in the manufacture of semiconductor chips, and disruptions to our supply chain and logistics. Any of these factors may have an adverse impact on our business and manufacturing operations or demand for our products and services, and our performance and results of operations may be adversely affected. Global trade issues and changes in and uncertainties with respect to trade policies and export regulations, including import and export license requirements, trade sanctions, tariffs and international trade disputes, have adversely impacted and could further adversely impact our business and operations, and reduce the competitiveness of our products and services relative to local and global competitors. A majority of our products and services are delivered to customers in jurisdictions outside of the United States, including China, Taiwan and Korea. We also purchase a significant portion of equipment and supplies from suppliers outside of the United States. There is inherent risk, based on the complex relationships among the United States and the countries in which we conduct our business, that political, diplomatic and national security factors can lead to global trade restrictions and changes in trade policies and export regulations that affect the semiconductor industry. The United States and other countries have imposed and may continue to impose new trade restrictions and export regulations, have levied tariffs and taxes on certain goods and could significantly increase or impose new tariffs on a broad array of goods. Trade restrictions and export regulations, or increased or new tariffs and additional taxes, including any retaliatory mea