=== AZO_2025-10-27.htm.gz ===
Item 1A under Part 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended August 30, 2025 . Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by such forward-looking statements. Events described above and in the Risk Factors section could materially and adversely affect our business. However, it is not possible to identify or predict all such risks and other factors that could affect these forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date made. Except as required by applicable law, we undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise . 3 Table of Contents PART I Item 1. Business Introduction AutoZone, Inc. ( AutoZone, the Company, we, our or us ) is a leading retailer and distributor of automotive replacement parts and accessories in the Americas. We began operations in 1979 and at August 30, 2025, operated 6,627 stores in the United States ( U.S. ), 883 stores in Mexico and 147 stores in Brazil. Each store carries an extensive product line for cars, sport utility vehicles, vans and light duty trucks, including new and remanufactured automotive hard parts, maintenance items, accessories and non-automotive products. At August 30, 2025, in 6,098 of our domestic stores as well as the vast majority of our stores in Mexico and Brazil, we had a commercial sales program that provides prompt delivery of parts and other products and commercial credit to local, regional and national repair garages, dealers, service stations, fleet owners and other accounts. We also sell automotive hard parts, maintenance items, accessories and non-automotive products through www.autozone.com, and our commercial customers can make purchases through www.autozonepro.com. Additionally, we sell the ALLDATA brand of automotive diagnostic, repair, collision and shop management software through www.alldata.com. We also provide product information on our Duralast branded products through www.duralastparts.com. We do not derive revenue from automotive repair or installation services. Our websites and the information contained therein or linked thereto are not intended to be incorporated into this report. Human Capital Resources We believe the foundation of our success is our culture, which is deeply rooted in our Pledge and Values: Puts Customers First, Cares About People, Strives for Exceptional Performance, Energizes Others, Embraces Diversity and Helps Teams Succeed. Our Pledge and Values define how our employees ( AutoZoners ) take care of customers and fellow AutoZoners by fostering a strong, unique culture of teamwork and customer service. Each AutoZoner works hard to Live the Pledge, remain committed to our values, share their passion for WOW! Customer Service and Go the Extra Mile every day to continue building and growing AutoZone for our customers. We seek to be the employer of choice as we compete for talent in our retail stores, field supervision, distribution centers, and store support functions. We focus heavily on retention by offering competitive compensation and benefits packages, extensive training and development opportunities. As of August 30, 2025, we employed approximately 130,000 AutoZoners, approximately 60 percent of whom were employed full-time and the remaining 40 percent were employed part-time. Approximately 91 percent of our AutoZoners were employed in stores or in direct field supervision, approximately six percent in distribution centers and approximately three percent in store support and other functions. Included in the above numbers are approximately 19,000 AutoZoners employed in our international operations. We have never experienced any material labor disruption, do not have any collective bargaining agreements in the U.S. and believe that relations with our AutoZoners are good. Training Development We have a number of different types of jobs and career opportunities. While many of our AutoZoners follow more traditional career paths (e.g., part-time to full-time sales, store manager, district manager, regional manager, vice president), we encourage cross-functional development and support of AutoZoners as they expand their careers into other departments and fields of interest within the Company. Many members of our senior leadership team have held positions in multiple areas of the business. We also invest in advanced leadership training to deepen our bench strength and support succession planning. For additional information, see Store Personnel Training and Incentives below. We believe these opportunities are important to attract, motivate and retain high quality AutoZoners. 4 Table of Contents Recognition The AutoZone Pledge and Values drive our success and foster a strong, unique culture of teamwork and customer service. We encourage the recognition of AutoZoners for a variety of accomplishments, such as going above and beyond to deliver Trustworthy Advice and WOW! Customer Service, taking initiative to prevent incidents and injuries, making contributions to help detect or report internal or external theft or providing significant service to help others. Whether they work in our stores, distribution centers, support centers or travel to support our customers and business, we believe AutoZoners everywhere should be recognized for their efforts and outstanding performance. We also recognize AutoZoners for their years of service to the organization and our customers. Health and Safety We are committed to providing a safe working and shopping environment for our AutoZoners and customers. Aligned with our values, we strive to continually monitor our working and shopping environment to keep our AutoZoners and customers as safe as possible. Additional information about our human capital resources can be found in our most recent Corporate Responsibility Report, which is available on our website. Our Corporate Responsibility Report is not, and will not be deemed to be, a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or incorporated by reference into this or any of our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). 5 Table of Contents Store Operations At August 30, 2025, our stores were in the following locations: Store Count Alabama 134 Alaska 8 Arizona 173 Arkansas 77 California 681 Colorado 104 Connecticut 59 Delaware 23 Florida 455 Georgia 229 Hawaii 13 Idaho 36 Illinois 251 Indiana 172 Iowa 40 Kansas 58 Kentucky 110 Louisiana 139 Maine 14 Maryland 103 Massachusetts 91 Michigan 225 Minnesota 69 Mississippi 102 Missouri 124 Montana 15 Nebraska 27 Nevada 75 New Hampshire 23 New Jersey 133 New Mexico 67 New York 233 North Carolina 247 North Dakota 8 Ohio 291 Oklahoma 93 Oregon 59 Pennsylvania 255 Puerto Rico 67 Rhode Island 20 Saint Thomas 2 South Carolina 110 South Dakota 10 Tennessee 189 Texas 736 Utah 74 Vermont 2 Virginia 160 Washington 102 Washington, DC 5 West Virginia 45 Wisconsin 80 Wyoming 9 Total Domestic stores 6,627 Mexico 883 Brazil 147 Total stores 7,657 6 Table of Contents Store Formats Substantially all stores are based on standard store formats, resulting in generally consistent appearance, merchandising and product mix with approximately 90% to 99% of each store s square footage used as selling space. Most of our stores carry approximately 20,000 to 25,000 unique SKUs with 40% to 50% of the space dedicated to hard parts inventory. Hub stores carry approximately 40,000 to 50,000 unique SKUs and mega hub stores carry approximately 80,000 to 110,000 unique SKUs with 70% to 85% of their space utilized for hard parts. The hard parts inventory area is generally fronted by counters or pods that run the depth or length of the store, dividing the hard parts area from the remainder of the store. The remaining selling space contains displays of maintenance, accessories and non-automotive items. Stores are replenished primarily by the nearest distribution center but also typically have same-day access to one of our 367 domestic and 53 international hub stores expanded inventory assortment. As a subset of our domestic hub stores, we ended fiscal 2025 with 133 mega hub stores, an increase of 24 since the end of fiscal 2024. Additionally, we have eight mega hub stores in Mexico. Hub and mega hub stores work in concert with other stores to drive customer satisfaction through improved local parts availability and expanded product assortments. Store Personnel Training and Incentives We provide on-the-job training as well as formal training programs, including an annual national sales meeting with related cascading meetings at our distribution centers, regional offices and stores; store meetings on specific sales and product topics; standardized computer-based training to support culture, safety, salesmanship, compliance and product and job knowledge; and several specialist, vendor and third-party programs to support learning and development in areas requiring technical expertise and specific job knowledge. All domestic AutoZoners are encouraged to complete our in-house product knowledge program and Parts Expert certification, which is developed in partnership with our key suppliers. Training is supplemented with frequent store visits by management. Additionally, store managers, commercial sales managers and managers at various levels across the organization receive financial incentives through performance-based bonuses. Store Support Centers All store support functions are centralized in our store support centers located in Memphis, Tennessee; Monterrey, Mexico; Chihuahua, Mexico; Sao Paulo, Brazil; and Gurugram, India. We believe that this centralization enhances consistent execution of our merchandising and marketing strategies at the store level, while reducing expenses and cost of sales. In addition, we have offices in Shanghai, China and Istanbul, Turkey that provide sourcing or other support functions. Store Automation All of our stores have Z-net, our proprietary electronic catalog that enables our AutoZoners to efficiently look up the parts that our customers need and provide complete job solutions, advice and information for customer vehicles. Z-net provides parts information based on year, make, model and engine type of a vehicle and also tracks inventory availability at the store, at other nearby stores and through special order. The Z-net display screens are placed on the hard parts counter or pods, where both the AutoZoner and customer can view the screen. Our stores utilize our computerized proprietary Point-of-Sale System, which includes bar code scanning and point-of-sale data collection terminals. Our proprietary Store Management System provides administrative assistance, as well as enhanced merchandising information and improved inventory control. We believe the Point-of-Sale System also enhances customer service, while the Store Management System provides simplified warranty and product return procedures. Commercial Our commercial sales program operates in a highly fragmented market, and we are a leading distributor of automotive parts and other products to local, regional and national repair garages, dealers, service stations, fleet owners and other accounts in the Americas. As part of our program, we offer prompt delivery to our customers and commercial credit, as well as online ordering through www.autozonepro.com or through the AutoZone Pro mobile application. Through our hub and mega hub stores, we offer a larger assortment than our satellite stores of parts and 7 Table of Contents products desired by professional technicians. We have dedicated sales teams focused on independent repair shops as well as national, regional and fleet commercial accounts. Store Development The following table reflects our store development during the past five fiscal years: Fiscal Year 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021 Stores: Beginning 7,353 7,140 6,943 6,767 6,549 New 305 217 198 177 219 Closed 1 4 1 1 1 Net new 304 213 197 176 218 Relocated 9 6 12 13 12 Ending 7,657 7,353 7,140 6,943 6,767 We believe expansion opportunities exist in markets we do not currently serve, as well as in markets where we can achieve a larger presence. We undertake substantial research prior to entering new markets. The most important criteria for opening a new store are the projected future profitability and the ability to achieve our required investment hurdle rate. Key factors in selecting new site and market locations for stores include population, demographics, vehicle profile, customer buying trends, commercial businesses, number and strength of competitors stores and the cost of real estate. In reviewing the vehicle profile, we also consider the number of vehicles that are seven years old and older, or our kind of vehicles; these vehicles are generally no longer under the original manufacturers warranties and require more maintenance and repair than newer vehicles. We seek to open new stores in high visibility sites in high traffic locations within or contiguous to existing market areas and attempt to cluster development in markets in a relatively short period of time. We believe our stores are destination stores, generating their own traffic, therefore we situate most stores on major thoroughfares with easy access and good parking. In addition to continuing to lease or develop our own locations, we evaluate and may make strategic acquisitions. Marketing and Merchandising Strategy We are dedicated to providing customers with superior service and trustworthy advice as well as quality automotive parts and products at a great value in our conveniently located, well-designed stores and through our online platforms. Key elements of this strategy are: Customer Service Customer service is the most important element in our marketing and merchandising strategy, which is based upon consumer marketing research. We emphasize that our AutoZoners should always put customers first by providing prompt, courteous service and trustworthy advice. Our electronic parts catalog assists in the selection of parts as well as identifying any associated warranties offered by us or our vendors. In addition to our in-store offerings, we sell our full suite of automotive hard parts, maintenance items, accessories and non-automotive parts through www.autozone.com, for pick-up in store or to be shipped directly to a customer s home or business, with same day or next day delivery programs in most of our U.S. markets. Additionally, we offer a mobile application that provides customers with store locations, driving directions, operating hours, product availability, the ability to purchase products and other information. We also provide access to specialty tools as one of our free services. Through our Loan-A-Tool program customers can borrow a specialty tool, such as a steering wheel puller, for which a do-it-yourself ( DIY ) customer or a repair shop would have little or no subsequent use beyond a single job. AutoZoners also provide free diagnostic and related services, including check engine and anti-lock braking system light readings through our AutoZone Fix Finder service, testing of starters, alternators and batteries, battery charging and the collection of used oil for recycling. 8 Table of Contents Merchandising The following tables show some of the types of products we sell by major category of items: Failure Maintenance Accessories A/C Compressors Batteries Accessories Bearings Belts Hoses Calipers Chassis Clutches CV Axles Engines Fuel Pumps Fuses Ignition Lighting Mufflers Radiators Starters Alternators Thermostats Tire Repair Water Pumps Antifreeze Windshield Washer Fluid Brake Drums, Rotors, Shoes Pads Chemicals, including Brake Power Steering Fluid, Oil Fuel Additives Oil Transmission Fluid Oil, Cabin, Air, Fuel Transmission Filters Oxygen Sensors Paint Accessories Refrigerant Accessories Shock Absorbers Struts Spark Plugs Wires Windshield Wipers Air Fresheners Cell Phone Accessories Drinks Snacks Floor Mats Seat Covers Interior Exterior Accessories Mirrors Performance Products Protectants Cleaners Sealants Adhesives Steering Wheel Covers Tools Towing Vehicle Entertainment Systems Wash Wax We believe customer satisfaction is often impacted by our ability to promptly provide specific automotive products as requested. Each store carries the same basic products, but we tailor our hard parts inventory to the makes and models of the vehicles in each store s trade area and tailor the remaining store s assortment to the local demographics. Our hub and mega hub stores carry a larger assortment of products that are available to customers of the surrounding local stores. We are continuously updating the products we offer to ensure our inventory matches the products our customers need or desire. Pricing We want to be the value leader in our industry, by consistently providing quality merchandise at the right price, backed by a satisfactory warranty and outstanding customer service. For many of our products, we offer multiple value choices in a good/better/best assortment, with appropriate price and quality differences from the good products to the better and best products. A key differentiating component versus our competitors is our exclusive line of in-house brands, which includes Duralast and the family of Duralast brands, Econocraft, ProElite, ShopPro, SureBilt, TotalPro, TruGrade and Valucraft. We believe that our overall value compares favorably to that of our competitors. Brand Marketing: Marketing and Loyalty We believe that targeted advertising and promotions play important roles in succeeding in today s environment. We are constantly working to understand our customers wants and needs so we can build long-lasting, loyal relationships. We utilize advertising, direct marketing, loyalty programs and promotions primarily to highlight our great value, the availability of high quality parts and develop a relationship with an expanding base of customers. Digital and broadcast media are our primary advertising methods of driving retail traffic, while we leverage a dedicated sales force and our ProVantage loyalty program to drive commercial sales. Store Design, Visual Merchandising and Promotional Execution We design and build stores for high visual impact. The typical store utilizes colorful exterior and interior signage, exposed beams and ductwork, finished floors and brightly lit interiors. Batteries, maintenance products, accessories and non-automotive items are attractively displayed for easy browsing by customers. In-store signage and special displays promote products on floor displays, end caps and shelves. We utilize in-store signage, creative product placement and promotions to help educate customers about products that they may need. 9 Table of Contents Purchasing and Supply Chain Merchandise is selected and purchased for all stores through our store support centers located in Memphis, Tennessee; Monterrey, Mexico; Chihuahua, Mexico; Sao Paulo, Brazil and Gurugram, India. Additionally, we have offices in Shanghai, China and Istanbul, Turkey to support our global sourcing efforts. In fiscal 2025, one class of similar products accounted for approximately 14 percent of our total revenues, and one individual vendor provided 13 percent of our total purchases. No other class of similar products accounted for 10 percent or more of our total revenues, and no other individual vendor provided more than 10 percent of our total purchases. We believe alternative sources of supply exist, at similar costs, for most types of product sold. Most of our merchandise flows through our distribution centers to our stores by our fleet of tractors and trailers or by third-party transportation firms. The distribution centers replenish our stores up to multiple times per week depending on store sales volumes. Competition The sale of automotive parts, accessories and maintenance items is highly competitive. AutoZone competes on the basis of customer service, including the knowledge and expertise of our AutoZoners and our ability to provide prompt delivery to commercial customers; merchandise quality, selection and availability; product warranty; store layouts, location and convenience; price; and the strength of our AutoZone brand name and quality, trademarks and service marks. Our competitors include national, regional and local auto parts chains, independently owned parts stores, online automotive parts stores or marketplaces, wholesale distributors, jobbers, repair shops, car washes and auto dealers, in addition to discount and mass merchandise stores, hardware stores, supermarkets, drugstores, convenience stores, home stores and other retailers that sell aftermarket vehicle parts and supplies, chemicals, accessories and tools. Government Relations As a company with global operations, we are subject to the federal, state, and local laws and regulations, in the jurisdictions in which we operate, many of which are complex, frequently changing and subject to varying interpretations. These laws and regulations relate to, among other things, the marketing and sale of products; proper handling and disposal of hazardous materials, particularly in connection with our used oil, oil filter and battery recycling programs; occupational health and safety; environmental matters; labor and employment; employee wages and benefits; information security and data privacy; real property; financial reporting and disclosure; antitrust and fair competition; international trade and transportation, logistics and delivery operations. While compliance with the numerous laws and regulations applicable to our business, including environmental regulations, has not had a material adverse effect on capital expenditures, earnings or our competitive position to date, we can make no assurances as to the future costs of compliance. For more information, see the Risk Factors titled Legal and Regulatory Risks and Information Technology, Cybersecurity and Data Privacy Risks in Part I. Item 1A, Risk Factors in this report. Trademarks and Patents We regard our trademarks, service marks, patents, domain names, trade dress, trade secrets and other intellectual property as critical to our success and important components of our marketing and merchandising strategies. We have registered several trademarks and service marks in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office as well as in certain other countries, including without limitation: AutoZone, AutoZone Rewards, Get in the Zone, Zone, Duralast, Econocraft, ProElite, ShopPro, SureBilt, TotalPro, TruGrade, Valucraft, and ALLDATA, along with variations of these trademarks. Our trademark registrations have various expiration dates; however, assuming that the trademarks are properly maintained and in use, such registrations may typically be renewed indefinitely. 10 Table of Contents Seasonality Our business is somewhat seasonal in nature, with the highest sales typically occurring in the spring and summer months of February through September, and the lowest sales in the months of December and January. During short periods of time, a store s sales can be affected by weather conditions. Extremely hot or extremely cold weather may enhance sales by causing parts to fail; thereby increasing sales of seasonal products. Mild or rainy weather tends to soften sales, as parts failure rates are lower in mild weather and elective maintenance is deferred during periods of rainy weather. Over the longer term, we believe the effects of weather balance out, as we have stores throughout the Americas. AutoZone Websites Our primary website is www.autozone.com. We make available on the Investor Relations section of our website, free of charge, our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements, registration statements and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), as soon as reasonably feasible after filing or furnishing such documents with the SEC. Our websites and the information contained therein or linked thereto are not intended to be incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Information about our Executive Officers The following list describes our executive officers, who are elected by and serve at the discretion of the Board of Directors. The title of each executive officer includes the words Customer Satisfaction which reflects our commitment to customer service. William C. Rhodes, III, 60 Executive Chairman, Customer Satisfaction William C. Rhodes, III was appointed Executive Chairman by the Board of Directors in January 2024 and has been Chairman since 2007. Prior to that, Mr. Rhodes served as AutoZone s President and Chief Executive Officer, and a director since 2005. Prior to his appointment as President and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Rhodes served in various capacities within the Company since 1994. Prior to 1994, Mr. Rhodes was a manager with Ernst Young LLP. Philip B. Daniele III, 56 President and Chief Executive Officer, Customer Satisfaction Philip B. Daniele III was appointed President and Chief Executive Officer and appointed to serve on the Board in January 2024. Prior to his appointment as President and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Daniele was named CEO-Elect in June 2023. Prior to that, Mr. Daniele served as Executive Vice President Merchandising, Marketing and Supply Chain from June 2021 to September 2023, Senior Vice President Commercial from 2015 to 2021, Vice President Commercial Support from 2013 to 2015 and Vice President Merchandising from 2008 to 2013. Mr. Daniele was also a Divisional Vice President Store Operations from 2005 to 2008. Prior to 2005, Mr. Daniele held several other key management positions with the Company. Jamere Jackson, 56 Chief Financial Officer, Customer Satisfaction Jamere Jackson was named Chief Financial Officer in September 2020 and, in that capacity, leads the Finance and Store Development teams . Prior to joining AutoZone, Mr. Jackson served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Hertz Global Holdings, Inc., a global rental company, from 2018 to 2020. From 2014 to 2018, Mr. Jackson served as Chief Financial Officer of Nielsen Holdings plc, an information, data and measurement company. Prior to 2014, Mr. Jackson held a variety of leadership roles at General Electric Company, including Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of a division of General Electric Oil and Gas. Mr. Jackson serves on the Board of Directors for Eli Lilly Co. Thomas B. Newbern, 63 Chief Operating Officer, Customer Satisfaction Thomas B. Newbern was named Chief Operating Officer in September 2023. Since March 2023, Mr. Newbern served as Executive Vice President Operations, Sales and Technology. From 2015 to March 2023, Mr. Newbern served as Executive Vice President overseeing Store Operations, Commercial, International, Information Technology, Loss Prevention and ALLDATA in different capacities. From 2007 to 2015, Mr. Newbern served as 11 Table of Contents Senior Vice President Store Operations, with additional oversight of Loss Prevention and Store Development. From 1998 to 2007, Mr. Newbern was Divisional Vice President Store Operations. Mr. Newbern began his career with AutoZone in 1985. William R. Hackney, 60 Executive Vice President Merchandising, Marketing and Supply Chain, Customer Satisfaction William R. Hackney was named Executive Vice President Merchandising, Marketing and Supply Chain in September 2023, and has notified the Company of his intent to retire effective prior to the end of the 2025 calendar year. Prior to that, Mr. Hackney served as Senior Vice President Merchandising, since rejoining the Company in October 2022 after a brief retirement. Mr. Hackney s career with AutoZone began in 1983, and he has held several key management roles within the Company, including Senior Vice President Merchandising, Vice President Store Operations Support and Vice President Merchandising. Eric S. Gould, 56 Executive Vice President Merchandising, Marketing and Supply Chain, Customer Satisfaction Eric S. Gould was named Executive Vice President Merchandising, Marketing and Supply Chain in August 2025. From 2021 to 2025, Mr. Gould served as Senior Vice President Supply Chain. Prior to that, Mr. Gould held several key management positions with the Company, including Vice President Supply Chain Replenishment and Vice President Commercial, Commercial Support and Merchandising Pricing Analysis. Jennifer M. Bedsole, 54 Senior Vice President, General Counsel Secretary, Customer Satisfaction Jennifer M. Bedsole was named Senior Vice President, General Counsel Secretary in April 2023. Prior to joining AutoZone, Ms. Bedsole was a partner with the law firm of Baker, Donelson, Bearman, Caldwell and Berkowitz P.C. since 2011, where she chaired the Labor and Employment practice group. K. Michelle Borninkhof, 51 Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer, Customer Satisfaction K. Michelle Borninkhof was named Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer in April 2021. Prior to joining AutoZone, Ms. Borninkhof was Chief Information Officer and Vice President for U.S. Technology at McDonald s since 2018. Prior to joining McDonald s, Ms. Borninkhof spent 11 years with Walmart Stores holding various leadership roles including Vice President International Technology Delivery. Throughout her career, Ms. Borninkhof held various roles in store retail, distribution center operations and process improvement. Bailey L. Childress, 36 Senior Vice President Omnichannel and Merchandising Support, Customer Satisfaction Bailey L. Childress was named Senior Vice President Omnichannel and Merchandising Support in December 2024. From 2022 to 2024, Mr. Childress served as Vice President Merchandising Pricing and Analysis. Prior to that, Mr. Childress held several key management positions with the Company, including Director Merchandising, Commercial Merchandising, and Commercial Pricing. Domingo J. Hurtado, 64 Senior Vice President International, Customer Satisfaction Domingo J. Hurtado Rodr guez was named Senior Vice President International in September 2018. Prior to that, Mr. Hurtado was President AutoZone de M xico. Mr. Hurtado has served in various capacities within the Company since 2001, which included leading the Company s expansion in Mexico. Prior to 2001, Mr. Hurtado held different positions with RadioShack including Director General in Mexico and General Manager in Venezuela. Kenneth E. Jaycox, 57 Senior Vice President Commercial, Customer Satisfaction Kenneth E. Jaycox was named Senior Vice President Commercial in July 2024. From 2020 to 2024, Mr. Jaycox served as Senior Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer for United States Steel Corporation where he was responsible for their commercial functions, customer value creation, pricing and revenue growth. Prior to that, Mr. Jaycox served as Vice President of Transformation at Sysco Corporation, where he led numerous sales, digital transformation and supply chain initiatives. Eric J. Leef, 51 Senior Vice President, Human Resources, Customer Satisfaction Eric J. Leef was named Senior Vice President Human Resources in August 2025. Prior to joining AutoZone, Mr. Leef was Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer for Hertz Global since 2021. He joined Hertz as Senior Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer in September 2020. Prior to joining Hertz Global, 12 Table of Contents Mr. Leef was Chief Human Resources Officer at Atria Senior Living Community. Prior to that, Mr. Leef spent 16 years at GE and GE Appliances, a Haier Company, holding various HR leadership roles supporting supply chain, technology and consumer service divisions. Lindsay W. Lehman, 47 Senior Vice President Marketing, Customer Satisfaction Lindsay W. Lehman was named Senior Vice President Marketing in November 2023, where she leads the Marketing and E-commerce teams. Prior to that, Ms. Lehman held the role of Vice President Marketing for AutoZone. Prior to joining AutoZone in 2020, Ms. Lehman served as Senior Vice President, Marketing at Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings, where she was responsible for global marketing, digital and analytics functions. Ms. Lehman previously held roles of increasing responsibility at Kraft Foods, Hearst Corporation and Goldman Sachs. Dennis W. LeRiche, 57 Senior Vice President Store Operations, Customer Satisfaction Dennis W. LeRiche was named Senior Vice President Store Operations in June 2021. From 2015 to 2021, Mr. LeRiche was a Divisional Vice President Store Operations. Prior to 2015, Mr. LeRiche held several other key management positions with the Company. M. Denise McCullough, 53 Senior Vice President Supply Chain, Customer Satisfaction M. Denise McCullough was named Senior Vice President Supply Chain in August 2025. From 2022 to 2025, Ms. McCullough was Vice President Transportation. Ms. McCullough has been an AutoZoner since 2001, previously serving as Vice President, Replenishment in 2021. Prior to that, Ms. McCullough served in various key positions within the Company. Lucas J. Rauch, 45 Senior Vice President Merchandising and Global Sourcing, Customer Satisfaction Lucas J. Rauch was named Senior Vice President Merchandising and Global Sourcing in December 2024. Mr. Rauch joined AutoZone in 2024 as Vice President Merchandising. Prior to joining AutoZone, Mr. Rauch held several roles at Walgreens, including Chief Merchandising Officer, General Manager, Owned Brands, and Vice President, Commercial Strategy. Prior to joining Walgreens, Mr. Rauch worked for Deloitte Consulting, leading various strategic projects across marketing, technology, and retail. Richard C. Smith, 61 Senior Vice President Human Resources, Customer Satisfaction Richard C. Smith was named Senior Vice President Human Resources in December 2015, and has notified the Company of his intent to retire effective around the beginning of the 2026 calendar year. Mr. Smith has been an AutoZoner since 1985, previously holding the position of Divisional Vice President Store Operations since 1997. Prior to that, Mr. Smith served in various key positions within the Company. Item 1A. Risk Factors Our business is subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties. The risks and uncertainties described below could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and stock price. The following information should be read in conjunction with the other information contained in this report and other filings that we make with the SEC. These risks and uncertainties are not the only ones we face. Our business could also be materially affected by additional factors that are presently unknown to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial to our business. Strategic and Operational Risks The current global economic and geopolitical landscape has increased uncertainty about key areas of doing business internationally and may have a negative impact on our business. During fiscal 2025, new global trade tariffs were announced on imports to the United States, including additional tariffs on various countries from which the Company directly or indirectly imports and/or sources merchandise, including Canada, China and Mexico, among others. In response, several countries have imposed or threatened reciprocal tariffs on imports from the U.S. and other measures. Various modifications to the U.S. tariffs have been 13 Table of Contents announced, and further changes are expected to be made in the future, including in response to pending litigation, which may include additional sector-based tariffs or other measures. Additionally, the current administration has directed various federal agencies to further evaluate key aspects of U.S. trade policy and amid ongoing discussion and commentary regarding further potentially significant changes to U.S. trade policies, enforcement priorities, sanctions, treaties and tariffs. As a result of these ongoing developments, significant uncertainty continues with respect to the future economic and political relationship between the U.S. and other countries. The ultimate impact of tariffs and other trade policies on the Company s business will depend on several factors, including whether additional or incremental U.S. tariffs or other measures are announced, revised, or rescinded, to what extent other countries implement tariffs or other measures in response, the overall magnitude and duration of these measures and our ability to mitigate the impacts of such measures more effectively than our competitors. These developments, or the perception that any of them could occur, may have a material effect on global economic conditions, the stability of global financial markets, or global trade, and may impact the Company s product cost, pricing, or competitive conditions, disrupt supply chains, impact the broader macroeconomic environment and consumer sentiment or otherwise negatively impact the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations. If demand for our products slows, then our business may be materially adversely affected. Demand for the products we sell may be affected by a number of factors we cannot control, including: the number of older vehicles in service. Vehicles seven years old or older are generally no longer under the original vehicle manufacturers warranties and tend to need more maintenance and repair than newer vehicles. the number of miles vehicles are driven. Higher vehicle mileage increases the need for maintenance and repair. Mileage levels may be affected by gas prices, ride sharing, weather conditions, and other factors. rising fuel and energy prices. Increases in fuel and energy prices may cause our customers to defer purchases of certain of our products as they use a higher percentage of their income to pay for fuel and other energy costs and may drive their vehicles less, resulting in less wear and tear and lower demand for repairs and maintenance. the economy. In periods of declining economic conditions, including as a result of inflation, high levels of consumer debt, and/or high interest rates, consumers may reduce their discretionary spending by deferring vehicle maintenance or repair. Additionally, such conditions may affect our customers ability to obtain credit. During periods of expansionary economic conditions, more of our DIY customers may pay others to repair and maintain their vehicles instead of working on their own vehicles, or they may purchase new vehicles. the weather. Milder weather conditions may lower the failure rates of automotive parts, while extremely hot or cold conditions may enhance demand for our products due to increased failure rates of our customers automotive parts. However, extended periods of rain and winter precipitation may adversely impact store traffic, decreasing sales, or may cause our customers to defer maintenance and repair on their vehicles. Additionally, climate changes can create more variability in the short-term or lead to other weather conditions that could impact our business. technological advances. Advances in automotive technology, such as improved parts design, can result in cars needing maintenance less frequently and parts lasting longer. prevalence of electric vehicles. Increased prevalence of electric vehicles, whether due to changes in consumer preferences or regulatory actions incentivizing the purchase of electric vehicles, can result in less frequent parts failures and reduced need for parts. the quality of the vehicles manufactured by the original vehicle manufacturers and the length of the warranties or maintenance offered on new vehicles. restrictions on access to telematics and diagnostic tools and repair information imposed by the original vehicle manufacturers or by governmental regulation. These restrictions may cause vehicle owners to rely on dealers to perform maintenance and repairs. These factors could result in a decline in the demand for our products, which could materially adversely affect our business and overall financial condition. 14 Table of Contents If we are unable to compete successfully against other businesses that sell the products that we sell, we could lose customers and our sales and profits may decline. The sale of automotive parts, accessories and maintenance items is highly competitive. See Item 1. Business above for additional information regarding our competitive environment. Although we believe we compete effectively, our competitors may have greater financial resources allowing them to invest more in their business, greater sourcing capabilities allowing them to sell merchandise at lower prices, larger stores with more merchandise, longer operating histories with deeper customer relationships, more frequent customer visits, more effective advertising and more successful utilization of data analytics, artificial intelligence and other new and emerging technologies. Online and multi-channel retailers often have lower operating costs and focus on delivery services, thereby offering customers faster, guaranteed delivery times and low-price or free shipping. In addition, because our business strategy is based on offering superior levels of customer service to complement the products we offer, our cost structure is higher than some of our competitors, which also puts pressure on our margins. With the increasing use of digital tools, our customers often begin their shopping experience online and are quickly able to compare prices, product assortment, product availability and feedback from other customers before purchasing products. We may be unable to differentiate ourselves or unable to anticipate and adapt to new or enhanced digital experiences offered by other retailers. If we are unable to continue to manage in-stock inventory and costs, provide competitive delivery options, develop successful competitive strategies, including the maintenance of effective promotions, advertising and loyalty programs, develop and execute effective digital and omni-channel strategies or otherwise compete effectively, or if our competitors develop more effective strategies, we could lose customers and our sales and profits may decline. We may not be able to sustain our historic rate of sales growth. We have increased annual revenues in the past five fiscal years from $12.6 billion in fiscal 2020 to $18.9 billion in fiscal 2025, with a compounded annual growth rate of approximately eight percent. Annual revenue growth is driven by increases in same store sales, the opening of new stores and the development of new commercial programs. Same store sales are impacted both by customer demand levels and by the prices we are able to charge for our products, which can also be negatively impacted by economic pressures. See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for further discussion of same store sales. We have increased our store count in the past five fiscal years, growing from 6,549 stores at August 29, 2020 to 7,657 stores at August 30, 2025, a compounded annual growth rate of approximately three percent. Achieving our store development and expansion goals, domestically and in international markets, will depend upon our ability to identify and obtain suitable sites for new and expanded stores in a timely manner and at acceptable costs, the hiring and training of qualified personnel, effective utilization of our supply chain and hub network, and the integration of new stores into existing operations, among other factors. Furthermore, we open new stores only after evaluating customer buying trends and market demand/needs, all of which could be adversely affected by persistent unemployment, wage cuts, small business failures and microeconomic conditions unique to the automotive industry. There can be no assurance we will be able to achieve our store expansion goals, manage our growth investments effectively, successfully integrate the planned new stores into our operations or operate our new, remodeled and expanded stores profitably. If we cannot profitably increase our market share in the commercial auto parts business, our sales growth may be limited. Although we are a leading distributor of automotive parts and other products in the commercial market, we must effectively compete against national, regional and local auto parts chains, independently owned parts stores, 15 Table of Contents wholesalers, jobbers, repair shops, auto dealers, online retailers and others in order to increase our commercial market share. Although we believe we compete effectively in the commercial market on the basis of customer service, merchandise quality, assortment and availability, price, delivery times, product warranty, distribution locations and the strength of our AutoZone brand, trademarks and service marks, some automotive aftermarket participants have been in business for substantially longer periods of time than we have, and as a result have developed long-term customer relationships, an experienced sales organization, considerable market presence and have large available inventories. If we are unable to profitably grow our sales with existing commercial customers, our sales growth may be limited. Our business depends upon hiring, training and retaining qualified employees, including members of management and other key personnel. We believe much of our brand value lies in the quality of the approximately 130,000 AutoZoners employed in our stores, distribution centers, store support centers and ALLDATA. Our workforce costs represent our largest operating expense, and our ability to meet our labor needs while controlling labor costs is subject to numerous external factors, including market pressures with respect to prevailing wage rates and unemployment levels. Our business is also subject to employment laws and regulations, including those related to minimum wage, benefits and scheduling requirements, and these laws are subject to change over time. In addition, the implementation of potential regulatory changes relating to overtime exemptions and benefits for certain employees under federal and state laws could result in increased labor costs to our business and negatively impact our operating results. We compete with other retail businesses for many of our associates in hourly positions, and these positions have historically had high turnover rates, which can lead to increased training and retention costs, particularly in a competitive labor market. We cannot be assured that we can continue to hire, train and retain qualified employees at current wage rates since we operate in a competitive labor market, and there are currently significant inflationary and other pressures on wages. In the U.S., over the last few years there has been an increase in workers exercising their right to form or join a union, both generally and in the retail industry. Further, the National Labor Relations Board (NLRB) has issued decisions making it easier for employees to organize. Although none of our domestic employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements, there can be no assurance that our domestic employees will not elect to be represented by labor unions in the future. If a significant portion of our work force were to become unionized, our culture and operating model could be challenged by inserting a third party into our current relationships between our leaders and hourly AutoZoners. Further, our labor costs could increase, and our business could be negatively affected by other requirements and expectations that could change our company culture, decrease our flexibility and disrupt our business. Further, our responses to any union organizing efforts could negatively impact how our brand is perceived by customers and AutoZoners and have material adverse effects on our business and financial results. If we are unable to hire, properly train and retain qualified AutoZoners, we could experience higher employment costs, reduced sales, losses of customers and diminution of our brand or company culture, which could adversely affect our earnings. If we do not maintain competitive wages or benefit packages, our customer service could suffer from any resultant declining quality of our workforce, or, alternatively, our earnings could decrease if we increase our wage rates and resultant labor costs. A violation or change in employment and labor laws (including changes in existing employment benefit programs such as health insurance) could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Our future success depends on the skills and experience of our management and other key personnel. The unexpected loss of the services of any such persons could materially adversely affect our operations. There can be no assurance that our succession planning, retention or hiring efforts will be successful. Failure to attract and retain qualified personnel in key roles could materially adversely affect our operations. 16 Table of Contents Inability to acquire and provide quality merchandise at competitive prices could materially adversely affect our sales and results of operations. We are dependent upon our domestic and international vendors continuing to supply us with quality merchandise at competitive prices and payment terms. If our merchandise offerings do not meet our customers expectations, or our customers have a negative perception of our merchandise regarding quality, innovation and safety, we could experience lost sales, increased costs and exposure to legal and reputational risk. In those circumstances, it may be difficult and costly for us to rebuild our reputation and regain the confidence of our customers. All of our vendors must comply with applicable product safety laws, and we are dependent on them to ensure that the products we buy comply with all safety and quality standards. Events that give rise to actual, potential or perceived product safety concerns could expose us to government enforcement action or private litigation, result in costly product recalls and other liabilities and lead to reputational harm and loss of customer confidence. To the extent our suppliers are subject to added government regulation of their product design and/or manufacturing processes, the cost of the merchandise we purchase may rise. Furthermore, our vendors are impacted by global economic and geopolitical conditions which in turn impact our ability to source merchandise at competitive prices. For example, new or increased tariffs, inflation, rising interest rates and disruption to the global supply chain have negatively impacted costs and inventory availability and may continue to have a negative impact on future results and profitability. Credit market and other macroeconomic conditions could also have a material adverse effect on the ability of our global and domestic suppliers to finance and operate their businesses. If any of our significant vendors experience financial difficulties or business disruptions or are otherwise unable to deliver merchandise to us on a timely basis, or at all, we could have product shortages in our stores that could adversely affect customers perceptions of us and cause us to lose customers and sales. We are subject to risks associated with products sourced outside the U.S. We directly imported approximately 13% of our purchases in fiscal 2025, but many of our domestic vendors directly import their products or components of their products. Changes to the price or flow of these goods for any reason, such as increased import duties or tariffs, foreign trade policies, civil unrest or acts of war, currency fluctuations, disruptions in maritime lanes, port labor disputes and other issues, economic conditions and instability in the countries in which foreign suppliers are located, the financial instability of suppliers, suppliers failure to meet our standards, issues with labor practices of our suppliers or labor problems they may experience (such as strikes, stoppages or slowdowns, which could also increase labor costs during and following the disruption), the availability and cost of raw materials to suppliers, merchandise quality or safety issues, shipping and transport availability and cost, increases in wage rates and taxes, transport security, trade sanctions, import limitations on certain types of goods or of goods containing certain materials from other countries, inflation and other factors relating to the suppliers and the countries in which they are located or from which they import, often are beyond our control and could adversely affect our operations and profitability. Furthermore, these risks may be amplified if we or our domestic vendors are unable to diversify our or their supply chains or rely too heavily on a single country to source our or our vendors products. These and other factors affecting our suppliers and our access to products could materially adversely affect our business and financial performance. As we or our domestic vendors increase the importation of merchandise or components from foreign vendors, these risks are likely to increase. 17 Table of Contents Disruptions in our supply chain and other factors affecting the distribution of our merchandise could adversely impact our business. A disruption to our supply chain or distribution network could adversely affect our ability to receive and distribute inventory in a timely manner, which could result in low inventory availability, lost sales, increased supply chain costs and loss of customer loyalty, among other things. Such disruptions may result from damage or destruction of our distribution centers, our ability to attract and retain qualified drivers, costs associated with maintaining or operating our fleet or macroeconomic conditions impacting the broader logistics or supply chain industry at large. For example, in recent years, ports, rails and domestic long-hauls in the U.S. and elsewhere have been negatively impacted by capacity constraints, congestion and delays, periodic labor disputes, security issues, weather-related events, natural disasters, and other factors beyond our control. Our business and competitive position may be negatively impacted if we are unable to successfully mitigate the impacts of such disruption to our supply chain or if we are unable to manage such disruptions more effectively than our competitors. In addition, we have made, and plan to continue to make, significant investments in our supply chain, such as the construction of multiple new distribution centers which began operations in fiscal 2025 and the execution of various technology initiatives. These investments seek to improve product availability and assortment, fulfill evolving consumer product demands and keep up with our long-term store expansion goals. If we fail to effectively implement future investments, or if our investments in our supply chain initiatives do not provide the anticipated benefits, we could experience sub-optimal inventory levels in our stores or be required to make further investments, which could adversely affect our sales volume and/or our margins. Our success in international operations is dependent on our ability to manage the unique challenges presented by international markets. The various risks we face in our U.S. operations generally also exist when conducting operations in and sourcing products and materials from outside of the U.S. There are also challenges inherent in establishing and managing international operations, in addition to the specific costs, risks and difficulties unique to that market. For example, the sale and distribution of parts and products in Mexico and Brazil requires the ability to adapt our merchandising and marketing strategies to account for, among other things, different vehicles in operation in local markets and different consumer behaviors with respect to aftermarket automotive repair. Our expansion into international markets may also be adversely affected by local laws and customs, U.S. laws applicable to foreign operations, and political and socio-economic conditions as well as our general ability to compete effectively and provide superior customer service regardless of distance, language and cultural differences. Risks inherent in international operations also include potential adverse tax consequences, changes to tariffs, trade policies and trade agreements, compliance with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and local anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws, greater difficulty in obtaining and enforcing intellectual property rights, challenges to identify and gain access to local suppliers, and possibly misjudging the response of consumers in foreign countries to our product assortment and marketing strategy. In addition, our operations in international markets are conducted primarily in the local currency of those countries. Since our Consolidated Financial Statements are denominated in U.S. dollars, amounts of assets, liabilities, net sales, and other revenues and expenses denominated in local currencies must be translated into U.S. dollars using exchange rates for the current period. As a result, foreign currency exchange rates and fluctuations in those rates may adversely impact our financial performance. Business interruptions may negatively impact our operating hours, operability of our computer and other systems, availability of merchandise and otherwise have a material adverse effect on our sales and our business. Business interruptions including war or acts of terrorism, political or civil unrest, unusual or severe weather conditions such as hurricanes, tornadoes, windstorms, fires, earthquakes and floods, public health crises, disruption 18 Table of Contents of critical infrastructure systems, banking systems or utility services and other disasters or the threat of any of them, may negatively impact the hours and operations of our stores, distribution centers, store support centers or sourcing offices; may negatively impact our supply chain and distribution network; and may impede our ability to source quality merchandise domestically and outside of the U.S. on favorable terms. In the event commercial transportation is curtailed or substantially delayed, we may have difficulty transporting merchandise to our distribution centers and stores resulting in lost sales and/or a potential loss of customer loyalty. Transportation issues could also cause us to cancel purchase orders if we are unable to receive merchandise in our distribution centers. It is not possible to predict all events or circumstances which may negatively disrupt our business in a significant manner, and the near-term and long-term impacts of such disruptions on our business, demand for our products and our growth initiatives will vary significantly based on the facts and circumstances of each such disruption. Furthermore, such business interruptions could cause additional negative impacts of which we are not currently aware or magnify other risks associated with our business and operations. Our failure to protect our brand and reputation could have an adverse effect on our relationships with our customers, AutoZoners, suppliers, vendors and other stakeholders, thereby negatively impacting sales and profitability. We believe our continued sales growth is driven in significant part by our AutoZone and private label brand names and our positive reputation with customers, AutoZoners, suppliers, vendors and other stakeholders. The value in our brand names and reputation, and their continued effectiveness in driving our sales growth is dependent to a significant degree on our ability to maintain our reputation for safety, high product quality, friendliness, WOW! Customer service, trustworthy advice, integrity and business ethics. Negative incidents can erode trust and confidence quickly, and adverse publicity about us, whether or not based in fact, could damage our brand and reputation, undermine our customers confidence in us, reduce demand for our products and services, affect our ability to recruit and retain employees, attract regulatory scrutiny, and impact our relationships with suppliers and vendors. Further, our actual or perceived strategies, initiatives, responses or lack of response relating to social, political, environmental or other issues, whether or not based in fact, could damage our reputation, negatively impact our stock price or result in reduced demand for our merchandise. Customers are also increasingly using social media to provide feedback, criticism and other information about our Company, our products and our services in a manner that is rapidly and broadly disseminated. Our brand and reputation could be negatively impacted if negative sentiment about the Company, whether or not based on fact, is shared and distributed in such a manner. Failure to comply with ethical, social, product, labor, environmental and anti-corruption standards could also jeopardize our reputation and potentially lead to various adverse actions by consumer or environmental groups, employees or regulatory bodies. Damage to our reputation or loss of consumer confidence for any of these or other reasons could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition, as well as require additional resources to rebuild our reputation. Information Technology, Cybersecurity and Data Privacy Risks We rely heavily on information technology systems for our key business processes. Any damage to, failure of, or interruption in these systems or our inability to realize the anticipated benefits associated with investments in new or upgraded systems could have a material adverse effect on our business and operating results. We rely extensively on information technology systems, some of which are managed or provided by third-party service providers, to collect, analyze, process, store, manage, transmit and protect key business processes, transactions and data, such as sales data, customer data, employee data, demand forecasting, merchandise ordering, inventory replenishment, supply chain management, payment processing, order fulfillment and more. Delays in the maintenance, updates, upgrading, or patching of these systems, applications or processes could adversely impact their effectiveness and would expose us to security and other risks. Our systems and the third-party systems with which we interact are subject to damage, failure or interruption due to various reasons such as: power or other 19 Table of Contents critical infrastructure outages, facility damage, physical theft, telecommunications failures, malware, security incidents, malicious cyber-attacks, including the use of malicious codes, worms, phishing, spyware, denial of service attacks and ransomware, natural disasters and catastrophic events, inadequate or ineffective redundancy measures; and design or usage errors by AutoZoners, contractors or third-party service providers. Although we seek to effectively maintain and safeguard our systems and our data and we seek to ensure our third-party service providers effectively maintain and safeguard their systems and our data, such efforts are not always successful. As a result, we or our service providers have experienced and are likely to again experience one or more errors, interruptions, delays or cessations of service impacting the integrity, performance or availability of our information technology infrastructure. While such incidents have not been material to date, any future incident could significantly disrupt our operations and key business processes, result in the impairment or loss of critical data, be costly and resource-intensive to remedy; harm our reputation and relationship with customers, AutoZoners, vendors and other stakeholders; and have a material adverse impact on our business and operating results. In addition, our information technology systems, infrastructure and personnel require ongoing substantial investments, such as replacing existing systems, some of which are older, legacy systems that are less flexible and efficient, with successor systems; making changes to existing systems, including the migration of applications to the cloud; maintaining or enhancing legacy systems that are not currently being replaced; or designing or cost-effectively acquiring and implementing new systems with new functionality, including artificial intelligence. These efforts can result in significant potential risks, including failure of the systems to operate as designed, potential loss or corruption of data, cost overruns, or implementation delays or errors, and may result in operational challenges, security control failures, reputational harm, and increased costs that could adversely affect our business operations and results of operations. Failure to maintain the security of sensitive personal information or other confidential information in our possession could subject us to litigation or regulatory enforcement action, cause reputational harm and cause us to incur substantial costs or have a material adverse impact on our business and financial condition. Our business, like that of most retailers, involves the collection, processing, storage and transmission of large amounts of personal information relating to our customers, suppliers and AutoZoners and confidential business information relating to AutoZone or other parties with which we do business. This information is handled by us as well as third-party service providers and vendors that provide us with various technology, systems, services and other resources that we use in connection with the handling of this information and in furtherance of our business objectives. Furthermore, we accept payments using a variety of methods, including credit, debit, electronic payments and gift cards, which present information security risks, and we may offer new payment options in the future presenting new risks of which we are currently unaware. While addressing vulnerabilities is a priority for us, the methods used to obtain unauthorized access are constantly evolving and increasing in frequency and sophistication, including through the use of evolving artificial intelligence tools to identify and exploit vulnerabilities. Attempts to gain unauthorized access can be difficult to anticipate or promptly detect. We cannot assure you that the security measures we or our third-party service providers and vendors have in place today will be successful in their efforts to prevent or mitigate the impact of a cyber incident or provide us with sufficient visibility to determine if a cyber incident has occurred, and there can be no assurance that such measures we introduce in the future will be sufficiently effective either. Failure to maintain the security of the personal and other confidential information to which we have access could lead to private litigation, regulatory enforcement actions and reputational harm, all of which would require extensive time and financial resources to resolve and could have a material adverse impact on our business and financial condition. While we have not experienced a material breach of our information systems or data to date, unauthorized parties have in the past gained access and exfiltrated data, and will continue to attempt to do so as the result of a cyber-attack, misconduct or error by an AutoZoner, job applicant, customer, vendor or third party, system vulnerabilities or compromises, fraud, hacking, phishing attempts, malware, ransomware, other malicious codes or other intentional or unintentional acts. Furthermore, hardware, software or other IT applications that we or a third party develop for our use have contained and may contain exploitable vulnerabilities, bugs or design defects or may involve other problems that could unexpectedly compromise information security. 20 Table of Contents The cost to remediate and respond to a cyber incident involving unauthorized use, access, damage or loss of systems, data or other information could be significant. To the extent any cyber incident involving our or one of our customer s or third-party service provider s information systems results in the unauthorized access, loss, damage or misappropriation of information, we may be required by law to notify impacted individuals and face substantial liability due to claims arising from customers, financial institutions, AutoZoners, regulatory authorities, payment card issuers and others. We maintain insurance coverage that may protect us from losses or claims in connection with certain incidents; however, our insurance coverage may not be sufficient to cover significant losses in any particular situation. We are subject to a complex and evolving body of laws and regulations regarding data privacy and may face increased costs as a result of changes in, enforcement of, or the adoption of new laws and regulations. These costs may have a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations . The regulatory environment related to information security, data collection, processing and use, and data privacy is becoming increasingly rigorous and complex. Multiple states in the U.S. have passed, and continue to pass, data protection laws. The potential effects of the various laws regulating the collection, retention, transfer, use, notification, consent and other types of processing of personal or protected information are far-reaching and may require significant time, resources and costs to comply, may require changes to our existing practices and processes that are not advantageous to our business, and otherwise limit our ability to use data to provide a more personalized user experience or as otherwise desired. In addition, failure to comply with applicable requirements by us or our business partners or third-party service providers or vendors could subject us to governmental investigations, regulatory enforcement actions, fines, sanctions, lawsuits or reputational damage. Additionally, while we seek to comply with these various laws as they take effect, many of the concepts are novel. There can be no assurance that compliance efforts taken by us in good faith will be sufficient, and we may be the subject of an investigation or enforcement action instituted by a state agency or other regulatory body. Indebtedness, Financial and Market Risks We are self-insured for certain costs associated with our operations and an increase in our insurance claims and expenses may have a material negative impact on us. We are self-insured up to certain limits for workers compensation, employee group medical, general and product liability, property and vehicle claims. The types and amounts of insurance may vary from time to time based on our decisions with respect to risk retention and regulatory requirements. Our reserves are established using historical trends and, where appropriate, using a third-party actuary to estimate costs to settle reported claims and claims incurred but not yet reported. Estimated costs are subject to a variety of assumptions and other factors including the severity, duration and frequency of claims, legal costs associated with claims, healthcare trends and projected inflation of related factors. Material increases in the number of insurance claims, changes to healthcare costs, accident frequency and severity, legal expenses and other factors could result in an unfavorable difference between actual self-insurance costs and our reserve estimates. As a result, our self-insurance costs could increase, which may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. A downgrade in our credit ratings or a general disruption in the credit markets could make it more difficult for us to access funds, refinance our debt, obtain new funding or issue debt securities. Our short-term and long-term debt is rated investment grade by the major rating agencies. These investment-grade credit ratings have historically allowed us to take advantage of lower interest rates and other favorable terms on our short-term credit lines, in our senior debt offerings and in the commercial paper markets. To maintain our investment-grade ratings, we are required to meet certain financial performance ratios. A change by the rating agencies in these ratios, an increase in our debt, and/or a decline in our earnings could result in downgrades in our credit ratings. A downgrade in our credit ratings could limit our access to public debt markets, limit the institutions willing to provide credit facilities to us, result in more restrictive financial and other covenants in our public and 21 Table of Contents private debt and would likely significantly increase our overall borrowing costs and adversely affect our earnings. Additionally, a downgrade in our credit or changes in the financial markets may limit financial institutions willingness to participate in our supplier financing arrangements, which may result in vendors seeking to renegotiate their payment terms. Moreover, significant deterioration in the financial condition of large financial institutions could result in a severe loss of liquidity and availability of credit in global credit markets and in more stringent borrowing terms. Conditions and events in the global credit markets could have a material adverse effect on our access to short-term and long-term debt and the terms and cost of that debt. Legal and Regulatory Risks Our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows may be adversely affected by the adoption of new laws, changes to existing laws, increased enforcement activity or other governmental actions. We are subject to numerous federal, state and local laws and regulations, many of which are complex, frequently revised and subject to varying interpretations. These include laws governing employment and labor, wage and hour, environmental matters, proper handling and disposal of hazardous materials and waste, employee benefits, data privacy, cybersecurity, safety, the pricing and sale of goods, import and export compliance, transportation and logistics, consumer protection and advertising, among others. These laws may change over time and may differ substantially across the areas where we operate. There is added uncertainty surrounding potential changes to the regulatory environment in the United States. Although we have implemented policies and procedures to help ensure compliance with these laws, there can be no certainty that our AutoZoners and third parties with whom we do business will not take actions in violation of our policies or applicable laws. If we fail to comply with these laws, rules and regulations, or the manner in which they are interpreted or applied, we may be subject to governmental enforcement action or private litigation resulting in restrictions on our business, monetary penalties, reputational harm and increased costs of regulatory compliance. Any changes in the enforcement or interpretation of existing laws and regulations or the enactment of any new laws and regulations, including tax legislation, could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. We may also be subject to investigations or audits by governmental authorities and regulatory agencies as a result of enforcing existing laws and regulations or changes in enforcement priorities, which can occur in the ordinary course of business or may result from increased scrutiny from a particular agency or toward a particular industry. We may be adversely affected by legal, regulatory or market responses to global climate change. Climate change resulting from increased concentrations of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases in the atmosphere could present risks to our operations. For example, we have significant operations in California and other states, where serious drought has made water less available and more costly and has increased the risk of wildfires. Changes in climate patterns leading to extreme heat waves or unusual cold weather at some of our locations can lead to increased energy usage and costs, or otherwise adversely impact our facilities and operations and disrupt our supply chains and distribution systems. Growing concern over climate change has led policy makers in some jurisdictions to consider the enactment of legislative and regulatory proposals that would impose extensive mandatory reporting requirements as well as requirements for reductions of greenhouse gas ( GHG ) emissions. Such laws, if enacted, are likely to impact our business in a number of ways. For example, significant changes in fuel economy requirements, new federal or state restrictions on emissions of carbon dioxide or new or changing federal or state incentive programs or other regulations that may be imposed on vehicles and automobile fuels could adversely affect demand for vehicles, annual miles driven or the products we sell. We may not be able to accurately predict, prepare for and effectively respond to new kinds of technological innovations with respect to electric vehicles and other technologies that minimize emissions. Compliance with any new or more stringent laws or regulations, or stricter interpretations of existing laws, could require additional expenditures by us or our suppliers. Our inability to appropriately respond to such changes could materially adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 22 Table of Contents We may be unable to achieve the goals and aspirations set forth in our Corporate Responsibility report, particularly with respect to the reduction of GHG emissions, or otherwise meet the expectations of our stakeholders with respect to corporate responsibility matters. Governmental and societal attention to corporate responsibility matters, including expanding mandatory and voluntary reporting of GHG emissions and other sustainability metrics, and disclosure topics such as climate change, sustainability, natural resources, waste reduction, energy, human capital, and risk oversight could expand the nature, scope, and complexity of matters that we are required to control, assess, and report. We strive to deliver shared value through our business, and our diverse stakeholders expect us to make progress in certain corporate responsibility priority issue areas. A failure or perceived failure to meet these expectations could adversely affect public perception of our business, employee morale or customer or shareholder support. We have announced certain aspirations and goals related to corporate responsibility matters, such as our intention to reduce certain GHG emissions over time. Achievement of these aspirations, plans and goals is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, many of which are outside of our control. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to: our ability to successfully identify and implement relevant strategies on a timely and cost-effective basis; our ability to achieve the anticipated benefits and cost savings of such strategies and actions; and the availability and cost of existing and future technologies, such as alternative fuel vehicles, off-site renewable energy, and other materials and components. It is possible that we may be unsuccessful in the achievement of our corporate responsibility goals, on a timely basis or at all, or that the costs to achieve those goals become prohibitively expensive. Furthermore, our stakeholders may not be satisfied with our efforts or the speed at which we are progressing towards any such aspirations and goals. A delay, failure or perceived failure or delay to meet our goals and aspirations could adversely affect public perception of our business, cause us to lose shareholder support, and subject us to legal claims and liabilities with respect to such matters. Certain challenges we face in the achievement of our corporate responsibility objectives are also captured within our corporate responsibility reporting, which is not incorporated by reference into and does not form any part of this report. Our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be affected by litigation. We are involved in lawsuits, regulatory investigations, governmental and other legal proceedings arising out of the ordinary course of business. Such matters involve significant expense and divert management s attention and resources from other matters. The damages sought against us in these proceedings may be material and may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. General Risks Significant changes in macroeconomic and geopolitical factors could materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Macroeconomic conditions impact both our customers and our suppliers. Moreover, the U.S. government continues to operate under historically large deficits and debt burden. Continued distress in global credit markets, business failures, civil unrest, inflation, rising interest rates, foreign exchange rate fluctuations, significant geopolitical conflicts, proposed or additional tariffs, continued volatility in energy prices, the impact of a public health crisis or pandemic, constraints on the global supply chain, a sustained government shutdown and other factors continue to affect the global economy. Moreover, rising energy prices could impact our merchandise distribution, commercial delivery, utility and product costs. It is unclear how such factors could impact our business in the short term. Over a longer period of time, these macroeconomic and geopolitical conditions could adversely affect our sales growth, margins and overhead. These could materially adversely affect our financial condition and operations. 