=== AZO_2025-10-27.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors Our business is subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties. The risks and uncertainties described below could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and stock price. The following information should be read in conjunction with the other information contained in this report and other filings that we make with the SEC. These risks and uncertainties are not the only ones we face. Our business could also be materially affected by additional factors that are presently unknown to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial to our business. Strategic and Operational Risks ​ The current global economic and geopolitical landscape has increased uncertainty about key areas of doing business internationally and may have a negative impact on our business. ​ During fiscal 2025, new global trade tariffs were announced on imports to the United States, including additional tariffs on various countries from which the Company directly or indirectly imports and/or sources merchandise, including Canada, China and Mexico, among others. In response, several countries have imposed or threatened reciprocal tariffs on imports from the U.S. and other measures. Various modifications to the U.S. tariffs have been 13 Table of Contents announced, and further changes are expected to be made in the future, including in response to pending litigation, which may include additional sector-based tariffs or other measures. Additionally, the current administration has directed various federal agencies to further evaluate key aspects of U.S. trade policy and amid ongoing discussion and commentary regarding further potentially significant changes to U.S. trade policies, enforcement priorities, sanctions, treaties and tariffs. As a result of these ongoing developments, significant uncertainty continues with respect to the future economic and political relationship between the U.S. and other countries. The ultimate impact of tariffs and other trade policies on the Company’s business will depend on several factors, including whether additional or incremental U.S. tariffs or other measures are announced, revised, or rescinded, to what extent other countries implement tariffs or other measures in response, the overall magnitude and duration of these measures and our ability to mitigate the impacts of such measures more effectively than our competitors. These developments, or the perception that any of them could occur, may have a material effect on global economic conditions, the stability of global financial markets, or global trade, and may impact the Company’s product cost, pricing, or competitive conditions, disrupt supply chains, impact the broader macroeconomic environment and consumer sentiment or otherwise negatively impact the Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations. ​ If demand for our products slows, then our business may be materially adversely affected. ​ Demand for the products we sell may be affected by a number of factors we cannot control, including: ● the number of older vehicles in service. Vehicles seven years old or older are generally no longer under the original vehicle manufacturers’ warranties and tend to need more maintenance and repair than newer vehicles. ● the number of miles vehicles are driven. Higher vehicle mileage increases the need for maintenance and repair. Mileage levels may be affected by gas prices, ride sharing, weather conditions, and other factors. ● rising fuel and energy prices. Increases in fuel and energy prices may cause our customers to defer purchases of certain of our products as they use a higher percentage of their income to pay for fuel and other energy costs and may drive their vehicles less, resulting in less wear and tear and lower demand for repairs and maintenance. ● the economy. In periods of declining economic conditions, including as a result of inflation, high levels of consumer debt, and/or high interest rates, consumers may reduce their discretionary spending by deferring vehicle maintenance or repair. Additionally, such conditions may affect our customers’ ability to obtain credit. During periods of expansionary economic conditions, more of our DIY customers may pay others to repair and maintain their vehicles instead of working on their own vehicles, or they may purchase new vehicles. ● the weather. Milder weather conditions may lower the failure rates of automotive parts, while extremely hot or cold conditions may enhance demand for our products due to increased failure rates of our customers’ automotive parts. However, extended periods of rain and winter precipitation may adversely impact store traffic, decreasing sales, or may cause our customers to defer maintenance and repair on their vehicles. Additionally, climate changes can create more variability in the short-term or lead to other weather conditions that could impact our business. ● technological advances. Advances in automotive technology, such as improved parts design, can result in cars needing maintenance less frequently and parts lasting longer. ● prevalence of electric vehicles. Increased prevalence of electric vehicles, whether due to changes in consumer preferences or regulatory actions incentivizing the purchase of electric vehicles, can result in less frequent parts failures and reduced need for parts. ● the quality of the vehicles manufactured by the original vehicle manufacturers and the length of the warranties or maintenance offered on new vehicles. ● restrictions on access to telematics and diagnostic tools and repair information imposed by the original vehicle manufacturers or by governmental regulation. These restrictions may cause vehicle owners to rely on dealers to perform maintenance and repairs. ​ ​ These factors could result in a decline in the demand for our products, which could materially adversely affect our business and overall financial condition. 14 Table of Contents ​ If we are unable to compete successfully against other businesses that sell the products that we sell, we could lose customers and our sales and profits may decline. ​ The sale of automotive parts, accessories and maintenance items is highly competitive. See “Item 1. Business” above for additional information regarding our competitive environment. ​ Although we believe we compete effectively, our competitors may have greater financial resources allowing them to invest more in their business, greater sourcing capabilities allowing them to sell merchandise at lower prices, larger stores with more merchandise, longer operating histories with deeper customer relationships, more frequent customer visits, more effective advertising and more successful utilization of data analytics, artificial intelligence and other new and emerging technologies. Online and multi-channel retailers often have lower operating costs and focus on delivery services, thereby offering customers faster, guaranteed delivery times and low-price or free shipping. In addition, because our business strategy is based on offering superior levels of customer service to complement the products we offer, our cost structure is higher than some of our competitors, which also puts pressure on our margins. ​ With the increasing use of digital tools, our customers often begin their shopping experience online and are quickly able to compare prices, product assortment, product availability and feedback from other customers before purchasing products. We may be unable to differentiate ourselves or unable to anticipate and adapt to new or enhanced digital experiences offered by other retailers. ​ If we are unable to continue to manage in-stock inventory and costs, provide competitive delivery options, develop successful competitive strategies, including the maintenance of effective promotions, advertising and loyalty programs, develop and execute effective digital and omni-channel strategies or otherwise compete effectively, or if our competitors develop more effective strategies, we could lose customers and our sales and profits may decline. ​ We may not be able to sustain our historic rate of sales growth. ​ We have increased annual revenues in the past five fiscal years from $12.6 billion in fiscal 2020 to $18.9 billion in fiscal 2025, with a compounded annual growth rate of approximately eight percent. Annual revenue growth is driven by increases in same store sales, the opening of new stores and the development of new commercial programs. Same store sales are impacted both by customer demand levels and by the prices we are able to charge for our products, which can also be negatively impacted by economic pressures. See “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” for further discussion of same store sales. ​ We have increased our store count in the past five fiscal years, growing from 6,549 stores at August 29, 2020 to 7,657 stores at August 30, 2025, a compounded annual growth rate of approximately three percent. ​ Achieving our store development and expansion goals, domestically and in international markets, will depend upon our ability to identify and obtain suitable sites for new and expanded stores in a timely manner and at acceptable costs, the hiring and training of qualified personnel, effective utilization of our supply chain and hub network, and the integration of new stores into existing operations, among other factors. Furthermore, we open new stores only after evaluating customer buying trends and market demand/needs, all of which could be adversely affected by persistent unemployment, wage cuts, small business failures and microeconomic conditions unique to the automotive industry. There can be no assurance we will be able to achieve our store expansion goals, manage our growth investments effectively, successfully integrate the planned new stores into our operations or operate our new, remodeled and expanded stores profitably. ​ If we cannot profitably increase our market share in the commercial auto parts business, our sales growth may be limited. ​ Although we are a leading distributor of automotive parts and other products in the commercial market, we must effectively compete against national, regional and local auto parts chains, independently owned parts stores, 15 Table of Contents wholesalers, jobbers, repair shops, auto dealers, online retailers and others in order to increase our commercial market share. Although we believe we compete effectively in the commercial market on the basis of customer service, merchandise quality, assortment and availability, price, delivery times, product warranty, distribution locations and the strength of our AutoZone brand, trademarks and service marks, some automotive aftermarket participants have been in business for substantially longer periods of time than we have, and as a result have developed long-term customer relationships, an experienced sales organization, considerable market presence and have large available inventories. If we are unable to profitably grow our sales with existing commercial customers, our sales growth may be limited. ​ Our business depends upon hiring, training and retaining qualified employees, including members of management and other key personnel. ​ We believe much of our brand value lies in the quality of the approximately 130,000 AutoZoners employed in our stores, distribution centers, store support centers and ALLDATA. Our workforce costs represent our largest operating expense, and our ability to meet our labor needs while controlling labor costs is subject to numerous external factors, including market pressures with respect to prevailing wage rates and unemployment levels. Our business is also subject to employment laws and regulations, including those related to minimum wage, benefits and scheduling requirements, and these laws are subject to change over time. In addition, the implementation of potential regulatory changes relating to overtime exemptions and benefits for certain employees under federal and state laws could result in increased labor costs to our business and negatively impact our operating results. ​ We compete with other retail businesses for many of our associates in hourly positions, and these positions have historically had high turnover rates, which can lead to increased training and retention costs, particularly in a competitive labor market. We cannot be assured that we can continue to hire, train and retain qualified employees at current wage rates since we operate in a competitive labor market, and there are currently significant inflationary and other pressures on wages. ​ In the U.S., over the last few years there has been an increase in workers exercising their right to form or join a union, both generally and in the retail industry. Further, the National Labor Relations Board (NLRB) has issued decisions making it easier for employees to organize. Although none of our domestic employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements, there can be no assurance that our domestic employees will not elect to be represented by labor unions in the future. If a significant portion of our work force were to become unionized, our culture and operating model could be challenged by inserting a third party into our current relationships between our leaders and hourly AutoZoners. Further, our labor costs could increase, and our business could be negatively affected by other requirements and expectations that could change our company culture, decrease our flexibility and disrupt our business. Further, our responses to any union organizing efforts could negatively impact how our brand is perceived by customers and AutoZoners and have material adverse effects on our business and financial results. ​ If we are unable to hire, properly train and retain qualified AutoZoners, we could experience higher employment costs, reduced sales, losses of customers and diminution of our brand or company culture, which could adversely affect our earnings. If we do not maintain competitive wages or benefit packages, our customer service could suffer from any resultant declining quality of our workforce, or, alternatively, our earnings could decrease if we increase our wage rates and resultant labor costs. A violation or change in employment and labor laws (including changes in existing employment benefit programs such as health insurance) could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. ​ Our future success depends on the skills and experience of our management and other key personnel. The unexpected loss of the services of any such persons could materially adversely affect our operations. There can be no assurance that our succession planning, retention or hiring efforts will be successful. Failure to attract and retain qualified personnel in key roles could materially adversely affect our operations. ​ 16 Table of Contents Inability to acquire and provide quality merchandise at competitive prices could materially adversely affect our sales and results of operations. ​ We are dependent upon our domestic and international vendors continuing to supply us with quality merchandise at competitive prices and payment terms. If our merchandise offerings do not meet our customers’ expectations, or our customers have a negative perception of our merchandise regarding quality, innovation and safety, we could experience lost sales, increased costs and exposure to legal and reputational risk. In those circumstances, it may be difficult and costly for us to rebuild our reputation and regain the confidence of our customers. ​ All of our vendors must comply with applicable product safety laws, and we are dependent on them to ensure that the products we buy comply with all safety and quality standards. Events that give rise to actual, potential or perceived product safety concerns could expose us to government enforcement action or private litigation, result in costly product recalls and other liabilities and lead to reputational harm and loss of customer confidence. To the extent our suppliers are subject to added government regulation of their product design and/or manufacturing processes, the cost of the merchandise we purchase may rise. ​ Furthermore, our vendors are impacted by global economic and geopolitical conditions which in turn impact our ability to source merchandise at competitive prices. For example, new or increased tariffs, inflation, rising interest rates and disruption to the global supply chain have negatively impacted costs and inventory availability and may continue to have a negative impact on future results and profitability. Credit market and other macroeconomic conditions could also have a material adverse effect on the ability of our global and domestic suppliers to finance and operate their businesses. ​ If any of our significant vendors experience financial difficulties or business disruptions or are otherwise unable to deliver merchandise to us on a timely basis, or at all, we could have product shortages in our stores that could adversely affect customers’ perceptions of us and cause us to lose customers and sales. ​ We are subject to risks associated with products sourced outside the U.S. ​ We directly imported approximately 13% of our purchases in fiscal 2025, but many of our domestic vendors directly import their products or components of their products. Changes to the price or flow of these goods for any reason, such as increased import duties or tariffs, foreign trade policies, civil unrest or acts of war, currency fluctuations, disruptions in maritime lanes, port labor disputes and other issues, economic conditions and instability in the countries in which foreign suppliers are located, the financial instability of suppliers, suppliers’ failure to meet our standards, issues with labor practices of our suppliers or labor problems they may experience (such as strikes, stoppages or slowdowns, which could also increase labor costs during and following the disruption), the availability and cost of raw materials to suppliers, merchandise quality or safety issues, shipping and transport availability and cost, increases in wage rates and taxes, transport security, trade sanctions, import limitations on certain types of goods or of goods containing certain materials from other countries, inflation and other factors relating to the suppliers and the countries in which they are located or from which they import, often are beyond our control and could adversely affect our operations and profitability. Furthermore, these risks may be amplified if we or our domestic vendors are unable to diversify our or their supply chains or rely too heavily on a single country to source our or our vendors’ products. These and other factors affecting our suppliers’ and our access to products could materially adversely affect our business and financial performance. As we or our domestic vendors increase the importation of merchandise or components from foreign vendors, these risks are likely to increase. ​ 17 Table of Contents Disruptions in our supply chain and other factors affecting the distribution of our merchandise could adversely impact our business. ​ A disruption to our supply chain or distribution network could adversely affect our ability to receive and distribute inventory in a timely manner, which could result in low inventory availability, lost sales, increased supply chain costs and loss of customer loyalty, among other things. Such disruptions may result from damage or destruction of our distribution centers, our ability to attract and retain qualified drivers, costs associated with maintaining or operating our fleet or macroeconomic conditions impacting the broader logistics or supply chain industry at large. For example, in recent years, ports, rails and domestic long-hauls in the U.S. and elsewhere have been negatively impacted by capacity constraints, congestion and delays, periodic labor disputes, security issues, weather-related events, natural disasters, and other factors beyond our control. Our business and competitive position may be negatively impacted if we are unable to successfully mitigate the impacts of such disruption to our supply chain or if we are unable to manage such disruptions more effectively than our competitors. ​ In addition, we have made, and plan to continue to make, significant investments in our supply chain, such as the construction of multiple new distribution centers which began operations in fiscal 2025 and the execution of various technology initiatives. These investments seek to improve product availability and assortment, fulfill evolving consumer product demands and keep up with our long-term store expansion goals. If we fail to effectively implement future investments, or if our investments in our supply chain initiatives do not provide the anticipated benefits, we could experience sub-optimal inventory levels in our stores or be required to make further investments, which could adversely affect our sales volume and/or our margins. ​ Our success in international operations is dependent on our ability to manage the unique challenges presented by international markets. ​ The various risks we face in our U.S. operations generally also exist when conducting operations in and sourcing products and materials from outside of the U.S. There are also challenges inherent in establishing and managing international operations, in addition to the specific costs, risks and difficulties unique to that market. For example, the sale and distribution of parts and products in Mexico and Brazil requires the ability to adapt our merchandising and marketing strategies to account for, among other things, different vehicles in operation in local markets and different consumer behaviors with respect to aftermarket automotive repair. ​ Our expansion into international markets may also be adversely affected by local laws and customs, U.S. laws applicable to foreign operations, and political and socio-economic conditions as well as our general ability to compete effectively and provide superior customer service regardless of distance, language and cultural differences. ​ Risks inherent in international operations also include potential adverse tax consequences, changes to tariffs, trade policies and trade agreements, compliance with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and local anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws, greater difficulty in obtaining and enforcing intellectual property rights, challenges to identify and gain access to local suppliers, and possibly misjudging the response of consumers in foreign countries to our product assortment and marketing strategy. ​ In addition, our operations in international markets are conducted primarily in the local currency of those countries. Since our Consolidated Financial Statements are denominated in U.S. dollars, amounts of assets, liabilities, net sales, and other revenues and expenses denominated in local currencies must be translated into U.S. dollars using exchange rates for the current period. As a result, foreign currency exchange rates and fluctuations in those rates may adversely impact our financial performance. ​ Business interruptions may negatively impact our operating hours, operability of our computer and other systems, availability of merchandise and otherwise have a material adverse effect on our sales and our business. ​ Business interruptions including war or acts of terrorism, political or civil unrest, unusual or severe weather conditions such as hurricanes, tornadoes, windstorms, fires, earthquakes and floods, public health crises, disruption 18 Table of Contents of critical infrastructure systems, banking systems or utility services and other disasters or the threat of any of them, may negatively impact the hours and operations of our stores, distribution centers, store support centers or sourcing offices; may negatively impact our supply chain and distribution network; and may impede our ability to source quality merchandise domestically and outside of the U.S. on favorable terms. ​ In the event commercial transportation is curtailed or substantially delayed, we may have difficulty transporting merchandise to our distribution centers and stores resulting in lost sales and/or a potential loss of customer loyalty. Transportation issues could also cause us to cancel purchase orders if we are unable to receive merchandise in our distribution centers. ​ It is not possible to predict all events or circumstances which may negatively disrupt our business in a significant manner, and the near-term and long-term impacts of such disruptions on our business, demand for our products and our growth initiatives will vary significantly based on the facts and circumstances of each such disruption. Furthermore, such business interruptions could cause additional negative impacts of which we are not currently aware or magnify other risks associated with our business and operations. Our failure to protect our brand and reputation could have an adverse effect on our relationships with our customers, AutoZoners, suppliers, vendors and other stakeholders, thereby negatively impacting sales and profitability. ​ We believe our continued sales growth is driven in significant part by our AutoZone and private label brand names and our positive reputation with customers, AutoZoners, suppliers, vendors and other stakeholders. The value in our brand names and reputation, and their continued effectiveness in driving our sales growth is dependent to a significant degree on our ability to maintain our reputation for safety, high product quality, friendliness, WOW! Customer service, trustworthy advice, integrity and business ethics. Negative incidents can erode trust and confidence quickly, and adverse publicity about us, whether or not based in fact, could damage our brand and reputation, undermine our customers’ confidence in us, reduce demand for our products and services, affect our ability to recruit and retain employees, attract regulatory scrutiny, and impact our relationships with suppliers and vendors. Further, our actual or perceived strategies, initiatives, responses or lack of response relating to social, political, environmental or other issues, whether or not based in fact, could damage our reputation, negatively impact our stock price or result in reduced demand for our merchandise. Customers are also increasingly using social media to provide feedback, criticism and other information about our Company, our products and our services in a manner that is rapidly and broadly disseminated. Our brand and reputation could be negatively impacted if negative sentiment about the Company, whether or not based on fact, is shared and distributed in such a manner. ​ Failure to comply with ethical, social, product, labor, environmental and anti-corruption standards could also jeopardize our reputation and potentially lead to various adverse actions by consumer or environmental groups, employees or regulatory bodies. Damage to our reputation or loss of consumer confidence for any of these or other reasons could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition, as well as require additional resources to rebuild our reputation. ​ Information Technology, Cybersecurity and Data Privacy Risks ​ ‌ We rely heavily on information technology systems for our key business processes. Any damage to, failure of, or interruption in these systems or our inability to realize the anticipated benefits associated with investments in new or upgraded systems could have a material adverse effect on our business and operating results. ​ We rely extensively on information technology systems, some of which are managed or provided by third-party service providers, to collect, analyze, process, store, manage, transmit and protect key business processes, transactions and data, such as sales data, customer data, employee data, demand forecasting, merchandise ordering, inventory replenishment, supply chain management, payment processing, order fulfillment and more. Delays in the maintenance, updates, upgrading, or patching of these systems, applications or processes could adversely impact their effectiveness and would expose us to security and other risks. Our systems and the third-party systems with which we interact are subject to damage, failure or interruption due to various reasons such as: power or other 19 Table of Contents critical infrastructure outages, facility damage, physical theft, telecommunications failures, malware, security incidents, malicious cyber-attacks, including the use of malicious codes, worms, phishing, spyware, denial of service attacks and ransomware, natural disasters and catastrophic events, inadequate or ineffective redundancy measures; and design or usage errors by AutoZoners, contractors or third-party service providers. Although we seek to effectively maintain and safeguard our systems and our data and we seek to ensure our third-party service providers effectively maintain and safeguard their systems and our data, such efforts are not always successful. As a result, we or our service providers have experienced and are likely to again experience one or more errors, interruptions, delays or cessations of service impacting the integrity, performance or availability of our information technology infrastructure. While such incidents have not been material to date, any future incident could significantly disrupt our operations and key business processes, result in the impairment or loss of critical data, be costly and resource-intensive to remedy; harm our reputation and relationship with customers, AutoZoners, vendors and other stakeholders; and have a material adverse impact on our busines

=== AZO_2026-06-12.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A, of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 30, 2025. Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds Shares of common stock repurchased by the Company during the quarter ended May 9 , 2026, were as follows: Issuer Repurchases of Equity Securities ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Total Number of ​ ​ ​ Maximum Dollar ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Shares Purchased as ​ Value that May Yet ​ ​ Total Number ​ Average ​ Part of Publicly ​ Be Purchased Under ​ ​ of Shares ​ Price Paid ​ Announced Plans or ​ the Plans or Period ​ Purchased ​ per Share ​ Programs ​ Programs ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ February 15, 2026 to March 14, 2026 45,537 ​ $ 3,768.50 45,537 ​ $ 1,218,863,366 March 15, 2026 to April 11, 2026 62,427 ​ 3,441.04 62,427 ​ 1,004,049,278 April 12, 2026 to May 9, 2026 55,730 ​ 3,586.69 55,730 ​ 804,163,027 Total 163,694 ​ $ 3,581.72 163,694 ​ $ 804,163,027 ​ For more information on our stock repurchases, see “Note J – Stock Repurchase Program” in the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities Not applicable. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable. Item 5. Other Information Insider Trading Arrangements ​ During our fiscal quarter ended May 9, 2026, none of our directors or officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) of the Exchange Act) adopted or terminated a “Rule 10b5 - 1 trading arrangement” or a “non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement” (as such terms are defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K). ​ ​ Item 6. Exhibits The following exhibits are being filed herewith: ​ ​ ​ Restated Articles of Incorporation of AutoZone, Inc. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended February 13, 1999. 3.1 ​ Restated Articles of Incorporation of AutoZone, Inc. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended February 13, 1999. ​ ​ ​ 29 Table of Contents 3.2 ​ Ninth Amended and Restated By-Laws of AutoZone, Inc. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 1, 2025. ​ 15.1* ​ Letter Regarding Unaudited Interim Financial Statements. ​ ​ ​ 31.1* ​ Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. ​ ​ ​ 31.2* ​ Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. ​ ​ ​ 32.1** ​ Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. ​ ​ ​ 32.2** ​ Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. ​ ​ ​ 101. INS ​ Inline XBRL Instance Document – the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document ​ ​ ​ 101.SCH ​ Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document ​ ​ ​ 101.CAL ​ Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document ​ ​ ​ 101.DEF ​ Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document ​ ​ ​ 101.LAB ​ Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document ​ ​ ​ 101.PRE ​ Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document ​ ​ ​ 104 ​ The cover page for the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended May 9, 2026, has been formatted in Inline XBRL. ​ * Filed herewith. ** Furnished herewith. ​ 30 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ AUTOZONE, INC. ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ By: /s/ JAMERE JACKSON ​ ​ Jamere Jackson ​ ​ Chief Financial Officer ​ ​ (Principal Financial Officer) ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ By: /s/ J. SCOTT MURPHY ​ ​ J. Scott Murphy ​ ​ Vice President, Controller (Principal Accounting Officer) ​ ​ ​ Dated: June 12, 2026 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 31 