========== TGT ==========

### SCT REGION ###
Summary compensation table” on page 58 because it: (a) includes STIP opportunity at-goal as approved, rather than the actual payout that was earned, (b) includes the applicable PSU and PBRSU awards based on the dollar value used by the Compensation & Human Capital Management Committee in determining the number of shares granted, rather than the aggregate grant date fair value of awards, as computed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718, and (c) excludes the items shown under the “Change in pension value and nonqualified deferred compensation earnings” and “All other compensation” columns. (2) Mr. Cornell is captured in the “Annual CEO pay mix” chart. Mr. Fiddelke is included in the “Annual Non-CEO NEOs pay mix” chart. How annual CEO pay is tied to performance The following pay elements are performance-based and represent a significant percentage of Annual TDC. • STIP — Payouts range from 0% to 200% of goal depending on Net Sales, Incentive Operating Income, and the assessment of the team scorecard. • PSUs — Payouts range from 0% to 200% of goal depending on Net Sales growth, EPS growth, and ROIC performance relative to our retail peer group. Payout value is also tied to stock price performance. • PBRSUs — Payouts range from 75% to 125% of goal depending on TSR performance relative to our retail peer group. Payout value is also tied to stock price performance. 42 TARGET CORPORATION 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Compensation Discussion and Analysis Performance metrics The following graphs highlight our historical performance on key metrics that we used in our executive compensation programs over each of the last five years. The metrics used in our compensation program are described in more detail in the CD&A narratives for each compensation element, as well as in the footnotes on this page. Net Sales (1) (in millions) Operating Income (2) (in millions) 53 Weeks 53 Weeks EPS (3) ROIC (4) 53 Weeks 53 Weeks (1) For our STIP compensation element, we use Net Sales as reported in our applicable annual reports and shown above. For our 2023-2025 PSU compensation element, we used Merchandise Sales as reported in our annual reports, which in Fiscal 2022 was $107,588 million and in Fiscal 2025 was $102,717 million . See page 48 for additional information on the 2023-2025 PSU award adjustments. See Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements in our 2025 Annual Report for additional information. (2) Operating Income, as reported in our applicable annual reports and shown above, provides the basis for Incentive Operating Income. Incentive Operating Income is one of the metrics we use in our STIP compensation element. Incentive Operating Income, a non-GAAP metric, represents Operating Income on a pre-short-term incentive compensation basis and is calculated by excluding short-term incentive expense from our Operating Income. For Fiscal 2025, we excluded the net gain from interchange fee settlements, as well as business transformation costs . These costs are explained further in Notes 6 and 7 to the consolidated financial statements in our 2025 Annual Report . The net impact of these exclusions was a reduction in Operating Income of $343 million. (3) For the 2023-2025 PSU awards, we use EPS as reported in our applicable annual reports and shown above. For Fiscal 2025, we excluded the net gain from interchange fee settlements, reducing EPS by $0.97 per share. (4) ROIC is a ratio based on GAAP information, with the exception of the add-back of operating lease interest to Operating Income. For PSUs, we use ROIC as reported in our applicable annual reports and shown above. For Fiscal 2025, we excluded the net gain from the interchange fee settlements from net operating profit after taxes, reducing ROIC by 1.5 percentage points . See page 48 for additional information on the 2023-2025 PSU award adjustments. See our applicable annual reports for a more detailed description and calculation of ROIC. TARGET CORPORATION 2026 Proxy Statement 43 Table of Contents Compensation Discussion and Analysis Incentive measures and actual performance Actual payouts vary based on performance against goals approved by the Compensation & Human Capital Management Committee at the beginning of the performance period. Our ongoing incentive programs have a proven track record of variable payouts based on performance over time. • Our STIP is based on a combination of absolute financial goals and progress made toward key strategic priorities. • 100% of our ongoing LTI program features performance-based metrics and is tied to relative performance versus our retail peers. In Fiscal 2025, we complemented our ongoing relative LTI program with the Senior Leadership Performance Award, which is based on performance against rigorous absolute goals. See “Senior Leadership Performance Awards” on page 51 for more information. Component Weight Metric Goal (1) Actual (1) Actual performance as a percentage of goal Payout as a percentage of goal Overall weighted payout as a percentage of goal 2025 STIP Performance Financial 67% Net Sales $108,567 $104,780 96.5% 42% 28.1% Incentive Operating Income (2) $6,362 $5,140 80.8% Team scorecard 33% N/A 50 % 16.5% Total payout as a percentage of goal 44.6% Award type Metric Performance rank relative to peers Actual payout as a percentage of goal Overall payout as a percentage of goal 2023-2025 LTI Performance PSUs Adjusted Merchandise Sales CAGR (3) 15 of 20 25 % 88.2% EPS CAGR 6 of 20 154 % ROIC 11 of 20 8
---END SCT---

### 5% HOLDERS REGION ###
[kw=5%]
5% of the at-goal payout level), whether vested or unvested, even if they will be converted into common stock more than 60 days from April 8, 2026. (2) Based on closing stock price of $123.12 as of April 8, 2026 and the titles and annual cash retainer or base salary, as applicable, in effect as of the end of Fiscal 2025 . (3) Mr. Bratspies and Mr. Hoke joined the Board on April 1, 2026 and March 1, 2026, respectively, and therefore have five years to meet the required stock ownership level. (4) As previously disclosed, Amy Tu departed effective June 1, 2025, and is no longer subject to our stock ownership guidelines. TARGET CORPORATION 2026 Proxy Statement 35 Table of Contents Stock ownership information Beneficial ownership of directors and executive officers The following table includes information about the shares of Target common stock (our only outstanding class of equity securities) which are beneficially owned on April 8, 2026 or which the person has the right to acquire within 60 days of that date for each director, each NEO in the “Summary compensation table” on page 58 , and all current Target directors and executive officers as a group. Directors Shares issuable within 60 days (1) Other shares held Total shares beneficially owned (2) David P. Abney 5,062 0 5,062 Douglas M. Baker, Jr. 37,466 3,895 41,361 George S. Barrett 18,266 0 18,266 Gail K. Boudreaux 7,499 0 7,499 Stephen B. Bratspies 449 0 449 Robert L. Edwards 22,097 10,000 32,097 John R. Hoke III 490 50 540 Donald R. Knauss 22,097 12,458 34,555 Christine A. Leahy 8,691 0 8,691 Monica C. Lozano 19,924 0 19,924 Grace Puma 5,035 315 5,350 Derica W. Rice 9,929 0 9,929 Dmitri L. Stockton 17,527 0 17,527 NEOs Brian C. Cornell 0 243,766 243,766 Jim Lee 0 8,871 8,871 Michael J. Fiddelke 0 66,928 66,928 Richard H. Gomez 0 124,890 124,890 Melissa Kremer 0 35,654 35,654 Amy Tu 0 0 0 All current directors and executive officers As a group (20 persons) 174,532 421,345 (3) 595,877 (1) Includes shares of common stock that the named individuals may acquire on or before June 7, 2026 pursuant to the conversion of vested RSUs into common stock. (2) All directors and executive officers as a group own less than 1% of Target’s outstanding common stock. The persons listed have sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares listed. (3) Includes shares of common stock owned by executive officers in the Target 401(k) Plan as of April 8, 2026. 36 TARGET CORPORATION 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Stock ownership information Beneficial ownership of Target’s largest shareholders The following table includes certain information about each person or entity known to us to be the beneficial owner of more than five percent of our common stock : Name and address of >5% beneficial owner Number of common shares beneficially owned Percent of class (1) State Street Corporation State Street Financial Center 1 Congress Street, Suite 1 Boston, Massachusetts 02114 36,011,453 (2) 7.9 % BlackRock, Inc. 
---END HOLDERS---

### BOARD COMPOSITION ###
[pat]: ...e 17 Policy on transactions with related persons 17 Business ethics and conduct 17 Shareholder engagement 18 Item one Election of directors 19 Election and nomination process 19 Board and Committee evaluations 20 Board refreshment and composition 21 Board education, outside affiliations, and skills 22 2026 nominees for director 24 Non-employee d irector compensation 31 Stock ownership information 33 Stock ownership guidelines 33 Beneficial ownership of directors and executive officers 35 Beneficial ownership of Target’s largest shareholders 36 Compensation & Human Capital Management Committee Report 37 Compe...
[pat]: ...red by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0- 11. 2026 Proxy Statement & Notice of Annual Meeting of Shareholders Wednesday, June 10, 2026 at 12:00 p.m. Central Daylight Time Online at virtualshareholdermeeting.com/TGT2026 2 TARGET CORPORATION 2026 Proxy Statement Letter from our Lead Independent Director Dear Fellow Shareholders, On behalf of Target’s Board of Directors, thank you for your investment in Target. As Target’s Lead Independent Director, I’m energized by the changes underway to define the company’s future, fuel profitable growth and deliver value for shareholders. Over the last several ...
[pat]: ... 2026 at 12:00 p.m. Central Daylight Time Online at virtualshareholdermeeting.com/TGT2026 2 TARGET CORPORATION 2026 Proxy Statement Letter from our Lead Independent Director Dear Fellow Shareholders, On behalf of Target’s Board of Directors, thank you for your investment in Target. As Target’s Lead Independent Director, I’m energized by the changes underway to define the company’s future, fuel profitable growth and deliver value for shareholders. Over the last several years, the Board has executed a deliberate and thoughtful CEO succession process, and we are confident that Michael Fiddelke is the right leader to...
[pat]: ...ple at the heart of Target’s success and remaining deeply connected to the communities Target serves. Effective oversight of this strategy requires the right mix of skills, experiences and perspectives, and Target maintains a rigorous approach to Board composition. We are pleased to welcome two new independent directors, Stephen Bratspies and John Hoke, III, whose expertise complements and strengthens the Board’s perspective in style, design and retail operations. We also extend our appreciation to three directors who will be leaving the Board at the conclusion of this year’s annual meeting. Douglas Baker and Gra...
[pat]: ...ote your shares, whether or not you plan to attend. We take seriously the responsibility you have entrusted to us, and we believe Target’s size, scale and strategy position the company to build durable competitive advantages and to deliver long-term value for you. Sincerely, Christine A. Leahy Lead Independent Director TARGET CORPORATION 2026 Proxy Statement 3 Notice of meeting and proxy summary Notice of meeting and proxy summary This Meeting Notice & Proxy Summary highlights information described in other parts of this 2026 Proxy Statement and does not contain all information you should consider in voting. Plea...
[pat]: ...ued support. Sincerely, David L. Donlin Corporate Secretary Approximate Date of Mailing of Proxy Materials or Internet Availability Notice: April 27, 2026 Your vote is important. Thank you for voting. TARGET CORPORATION 2026 Proxy Statement 5 Table of Contents Table of contents Letter from our Lead Independent Director 2 Notice of meeting and proxy summary 3 General information about corporate governance and the Board 6 Corporate governance highlights 6 Our directors 8 Board leadership structure 9 Board and shareholder meeting attendance 11 Committees 11 Core functions of the Board 14 Director independence 17 Pol...
[pat]: ...c accounting firm 72 Item three Advisory approval of executive compensation (Say on Pay) 75 Item four Approval of the Amended and Restated Target Corporation 2020 Long-Term Incentive Plan 76 Shareholder proposals 84 Item five Shareholder proposal requesting policy requiring the Board Chair to be an independent director 84 Item six Shareholder proposal requesting a report on presence of pesticides in Target’s private label brands 87 Item seven Shareholder proposal requesting a report on reducing plastic microfiber shedding 90 Questions and answers about the 2026 Annual Meeting 93 General information 93 Voting 93 M...
[pat]: ...ponses to shareholder proposals The Board responds to shareholder proposals that receive significant support by either making the proposed changes or explaining why the actions were not taken through the shareholder engagement process, proxy statement disclosure, or other means. 7 1 Availability of independent directors Target’s Lead Independent Director is expected to be available for direct communication with major shareholders, as appropriate. 9 , 18 TARGET CORPORATION 2026 Proxy Statement 7 Table of Contents General information about corporate governance and the Board Practice Description Page(s) Strong, inde...
[pat]: ...Board responds to shareholder proposals that receive significant support by either making the proposed changes or explaining why the actions were not taken through the shareholder engagement process, proxy statement disclosure, or other means. 7 1 Availability of independent directors Target’s Lead Independent Director is expected to be available for direct communication with major shareholders, as appropriate. 9 , 18 TARGET CORPORATION 2026 Proxy Statement 7 Table of Contents General information about corporate governance and the Board Practice Description Page(s) Strong, independent leadership Independence A ma...
[pat]: ...overnance and the Board Practice Description Page(s) Strong, independent leadership Independence A majority of our directors must be independent. Currently, all of our directors other than our CEO and our Executive Chair of the Board are independent, and all of our Committees consist exclusively of independent directors. 12 , 17 Lead Independent Director Whenever our Chair of the Board is not independent, our Bylaws and Corporate Governance Guidelines require a Lead Independent Director position with robust responsibilities to provide independent oversight of our CEO and Leadership Team. 9 Annual elections for Le...
[pat]: ...cription Page(s) Strong, independent leadership Independence A majority of our directors must be independent. Currently, all of our directors other than our CEO and our Executive Chair of the Board are independent, and all of our Committees consist exclusively of independent directors. 12 , 17 Lead Independent Director Whenever our Chair of the Board is not independent, our Bylaws and Corporate Governance Guidelines require a Lead Independent Director position with robust responsibilities to provide independent oversight of our CEO and Leadership Team. 9 Annual elections for Lead Independent Director and Chair Bo...
[pat]: ...ectors other than our CEO and our Executive Chair of the Board are independent, and all of our Committees consist exclusively of independent directors. 12 , 17 Lead Independent Director Whenever our Chair of the Board is not independent, our Bylaws and Corporate Governance Guidelines require a Lead Independent Director position with robust responsibilities to provide independent oversight of our CEO and Leadership Team. 9 Annual elections for Lead Independent Director and Chair Both the Lead Independent Director and the Chair of the Board are elected annually by the independent directors, which ensures that the l...
[pat]: ...12 , 17 Lead Independent Director Whenever our Chair of the Board is not independent, our Bylaws and Corporate Governance Guidelines require a Lead Independent Director position with robust responsibilities to provide independent oversight of our CEO and Leadership Team. 9 Annual elections for Lead Independent Director and Chair Both the Lead Independent Director and the Chair of the Board are elected annually by the independent directors, which ensures that the leadership structure is reviewed at least annually. 9 Committee membership and leadership rotations The Governance & Sustainability Committee reviews and...
[pat]: ...r Chair of the Board is not independent, our Bylaws and Corporate Governance Guidelines require a Lead Independent Director position with robust responsibilities to provide independent oversight of our CEO and Leadership Team. 9 Annual elections for Lead Independent Director and Chair Both the Lead Independent Director and the Chair of the Board are elected annually by the independent directors, which ensures that the leadership structure is reviewed at least annually. 9 Committee membership and leadership rotations The Governance & Sustainability Committee reviews and recommends Committee membership. The Board r...
[pat]: ... Guidelines require a Lead Independent Director position with robust responsibilities to provide independent oversight of our CEO and Leadership Team. 9 Annual elections for Lead Independent Director and Chair Both the Lead Independent Director and the Chair of the Board are elected annually by the independent directors, which ensures that the leadership structure is reviewed at least annually. 9 Committee membership and leadership rotations The Governance & Sustainability Committee reviews and recommends Committee membership. The Board rotates Committee assignments periodically and seeks to rotate the Lead Indep...
[pat]: ...ectors, which ensures that the leadership structure is reviewed at least annually. 9 Committee membership and leadership rotations The Governance & Sustainability Committee reviews and recommends Committee membership. The Board rotates Committee assignments periodically and seeks to rotate the Lead Independent Director position and Committee Chair assignments every four to six years. 9 - 11 Structures and practices enhance Board effectiveness Composition The composition of our Board represents broad perspectives, experiences, expertise, and knowledge relevant to our business. 19 , 24 Director tenure policies Our ...
[pat]: ...me, with such timeframe to be determined by the Board based on individual circumstances. The Board has not adopted any new policies about its leadership structure. Responsibilities: Appointment: • Meeting agendas. Prepares agendas for Board meetings for review and approval by the Chair and the Lead Independent Director. • Board updates. Provides updates on our performance and key business developments. Keeps the Board informed between meetings with interim communications. • Board recruitment. Consults with the Chair of the Governance & Sustainability Committee on new Board member recruiting. • Company strategy an...
[pat]: ...bruary 1, 2026) Responsibilities: Annual election: • Chair meetings. Presides at meetings of the Board as well as the annual meeting of shareholders. Organizes the work of the Board. • Meeting preparation. Reviews, discusses, and approves meeting schedules and agendas, subject to review by the Lead Independent Director. • Board and management communications. Fosters open dialogue. Advises CEO on communications and updates to the Board between meetings. • Advice and counsel. At the request of the CEO, advises on strategy development, operations and risks, and succession planning. Consults with the Governance & Sus...
[pat]: ...cations. Fosters open dialogue. Advises CEO on communications and updates to the Board between meetings. • Advice and counsel. At the request of the CEO, advises on strategy development, operations and risks, and succession planning. Consults with the Governance & Sustainability Committee, the Lead Independent Director, and the CEO on director recruitment. • Evaluation participation. Provides input for CEO evaluation and, as requested by the Lead Independent Director, participates in such evaluation. Elected annually by the independent directors. Service length: Under our Corporate Governance Guidelines, a former...
[pat]: ...O, advises on strategy development, operations and risks, and succession planning. Consults with the Governance & Sustainability Committee, the Lead Independent Director, and the CEO on director recruitment. • Evaluation participation. Provides input for CEO evaluation and, as requested by the Lead Independent Director, participates in such evaluation. Elected annually by the independent directors. Service length: Under our Corporate Governance Guidelines, a former CEO should not serve on the Board for an extended time. Brian C. Cornell Executive Chair of the Board (Since February 1, 2026) To further supplement t...
[pat]: ...ng. Consults with the Governance & Sustainability Committee, the Lead Independent Director, and the CEO on director recruitment. • Evaluation participation. Provides input for CEO evaluation and, as requested by the Lead Independent Director, participates in such evaluation. Elected annually by the independent directors. Service length: Under our Corporate Governance Guidelines, a former CEO should not serve on the Board for an extended time. Brian C. Cornell Executive Chair of the Board (Since February 1, 2026) To further supplement this structure and provide independent oversight of our company, our Bylaws and ...
[pat]: ... CEO should not serve on the Board for an extended time. Brian C. Cornell Executive Chair of the Board (Since February 1, 2026) To further supplement this structure and provide independent oversight of our company, our Bylaws and Corporate Governance Guidelines require that the Board appoint a Lead Independent Director if the Chair of the Board is not independent, as is currently the case. The Lead Independent Director position complements the Chair of the Board’s role, providing leadership for the independent directors and ensuring the independent directors have the necessary information and opportunities to ful...
[pat]: ... (Since February 1, 2026) To further supplement this structure and provide independent oversight of our company, our Bylaws and Corporate Governance Guidelines require that the Board appoint a Lead Independent Director if the Chair of the Board is not independent, as is currently the case. The Lead Independent Director position complements the Chair of the Board’s role, providing leadership for the independent directors and ensuring the independent directors have the necessary information and opportunities to fulfill their oversight responsibilities. The independent directors re-elected Ms. Leahy, who has served ...
[pat]: ...r company, our Bylaws and Corporate Governance Guidelines require that the Board appoint a Lead Independent Director if the Chair of the Board is not independent, as is currently the case. The Lead Independent Director position complements the Chair of the Board’s role, providing leadership for the independent directors and ensuring the independent directors have the necessary information and opportunities to fulfill their oversight responsibilities. The independent directors re-elected Ms. Leahy, who has served as Lead Independent Director since January 2025, to continue in this role. As with other board leaders...
[pat]: ...ernance Guidelines require that the Board appoint a Lead Independent Director if the Chair of the Board is not independent, as is currently the case. The Lead Independent Director position complements the Chair of the Board’s role, providing leadership for the independent directors and ensuring the independent directors have the necessary information and opportunities to fulfill their oversight responsibilities. The independent directors re-elected Ms. Leahy, who has served as Lead Independent Director since January 2025, to continue in this role. As with other board leadership positions, the Lead Independent Dir...
[pat]: ...nt, as is currently the case. The Lead Independent Director position complements the Chair of the Board’s role, providing leadership for the independent directors and ensuring the independent directors have the necessary information and opportunities to fulfill their oversight responsibilities. The independent directors re-elected Ms. Leahy, who has served as Lead Independent Director since January 2025, to continue in this role. As with other board leadership positions, the Lead Independent Director role is rotated on a regular basis. The Lead 10 TARGET CORPORATION 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents General ...
[pat]: ...n complements the Chair of the Board’s role, providing leadership for the independent directors and ensuring the independent directors have the necessary information and opportunities to fulfill their oversight responsibilities. The independent directors re-elected Ms. Leahy, who has served as Lead Independent Director since January 2025, to continue in this role. As with other board leadership positions, the Lead Independent Director role is rotated on a regular basis. The Lead 10 TARGET CORPORATION 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents General information about corporate governance and the Board Independent Di...
[pat]: ...endent directors have the necessary information and opportunities to fulfill their oversight responsibilities. The independent directors re-elected Ms. Leahy, who has served as Lead Independent Director since January 2025, to continue in this role. As with other board leadership positions, the Lead Independent Director role is rotated on a regular basis. The Lead 10 TARGET CORPORATION 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents General information about corporate governance and the Board Independent Director’s defined roles and responsibilities, as detailed below, coupled with leadership of each Board Committee by an ...
[pat]: ...ndent Director since January 2025, to continue in this role. As with other board leadership positions, the Lead Independent Director role is rotated on a regular basis. The Lead 10 TARGET CORPORATION 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents General information about corporate governance and the Board Independent Director’s defined roles and responsibilities, as detailed below, coupled with leadership of each Board Committee by an independent director, ensures the independent directors have the ability to devote Board attention to any matter they deem appropriate at any time without interference from management, inc...
[pat]: ... role is rotated on a regular basis. The Lead 10 TARGET CORPORATION 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents General information about corporate governance and the Board Independent Director’s defined roles and responsibilities, as detailed below, coupled with leadership of each Board Committee by an independent director, ensures the independent directors have the ability to devote Board attention to any matter they deem appropriate at any time without interference from management, including the Chair of the Board and the CEO. Robust responsibilities: Annual election: • Convene meetings. Has the authority to conven...
[pat]: ...s. The Lead 10 TARGET CORPORATION 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents General information about corporate governance and the Board Independent Director’s defined roles and responsibilities, as detailed below, coupled with leadership of each Board Committee by an independent director, ensures the independent directors have the ability to devote Board attention to any matter they deem appropriate at any time without interference from management, including the Chair of the Board and the CEO. Robust responsibilities: Annual election: • Convene meetings. Has the authority to convene meetings of the Board or indepen...
[pat]: ...irectors have the ability to devote Board attention to any matter they deem appropriate at any time without interference from management, including the Chair of the Board and the CEO. Robust responsibilities: Annual election: • Convene meetings. Has the authority to convene meetings of the Board or independent directors at any time. • Preside at certain meetings. Presides at all meetings of the Board at which the Chair of the Board is not present, including executive sessions of independent directors at each regular meeting. • CEO performance review. Oversees the annual performance review of the CEO, with input f...
[pat]: ...Robust responsibilities: Annual election: • Convene meetings. Has the authority to convene meetings of the Board or independent directors at any time. • Preside at certain meetings. Presides at all meetings of the Board at which the Chair of the Board is not present, including executive sessions of independent directors at each regular meeting. • CEO performance review. Oversees the annual performance review of the CEO, with input from the other independent directors and, upon request of the Lead Independent Director, the Chair of the Board. • Director liaison. Represents the perspectives of the independent direc...
[pat]: ... • Preside at certain meetings. Presides at all meetings of the Board at which the Chair of the Board is not present, including executive sessions of independent directors at each regular meeting. • CEO performance review. Oversees the annual performance review of the CEO, with input from the other independent directors and, upon request of the Lead Independent Director, the Chair of the Board. • Director liaison. Represents the perspectives of the independent directors and provides feedback to the Chair of the Board and CEO. • Meeting schedules, agendas, and information. Reviews and approves meeting schedules, a...
[pat]: ...ings of the Board at which the Chair of the Board is not present, including executive sessions of independent directors at each regular meeting. • CEO performance review. Oversees the annual performance review of the CEO, with input from the other independent directors and, upon request of the Lead Independent Director, the Chair of the Board. • Director liaison. Represents the perspectives of the independent directors and provides feedback to the Chair of the Board and CEO. • Meeting schedules, agendas, and information. Reviews and approves meeting schedules, agendas, and information furnished to the Board to en...
[pat]: ...ependent directors at each regular meeting. • CEO performance review. Oversees the annual performance review of the CEO, with input from the other independent directors and, upon request of the Lead Independent Director, the Chair of the Board. • Director liaison. Represents the perspectives of the independent directors and provides feedback to the Chair of the Board and CEO. • Meeting schedules, agendas, and information. Reviews and approves meeting schedules, agendas, and information furnished to the Board to ensure that the Board has adequate time and information for discussion. • Shareholder engagement. Engag...
[pat]: ..., and information. Reviews and approves meeting schedules, agendas, and information furnished to the Board to ensure that the Board has adequate time and information for discussion. • Shareholder engagement. Engages in consultation and direct communication with major shareholders, as appropriate. • Independent director expectations. Coordinates with the CEO to establish expectations for independent directors to consistently monitor Target’s operations and those of our competitors. • Composition and director succession planning. Consults with the Chair of the Board and the Governance & Sustainability Committee reg...
[pat]: ...hed to the Board to ensure that the Board has adequate time and information for discussion. • Shareholder engagement. Engages in consultation and direct communication with major shareholders, as appropriate. • Independent director expectations. Coordinates with the CEO to establish expectations for independent directors to consistently monitor Target’s operations and those of our competitors. • Composition and director succession planning. Consults with the Chair of the Board and the Governance & Sustainability Committee regarding Board and Committee composition, Committee Chair selection, the annual performance ...
[pat]: ...ctor succession planning. Consults with the Chair of the Board and the Governance & Sustainability Committee regarding Board and Committee composition, Committee Chair selection, the annual performance review of the Board and its Committees, and director succession planning. Elected annually by the independent directors. Service length: As a guideline, the Lead Independent Director should serve in that capacity for no more than four to six years. Christine A. Leahy Lead Independent Director (Since 2025) Our Corporate Governance Guidelines require that both the Chair of the Board and Lead Independent Director be e...
[pat]: ...nd the Governance & Sustainability Committee regarding Board and Committee composition, Committee Chair selection, the annual performance review of the Board and its Committees, and director succession planning. Elected annually by the independent directors. Service length: As a guideline, the Lead Independent Director should serve in that capacity for no more than four to six years. Christine A. Leahy Lead Independent Director (Since 2025) Our Corporate Governance Guidelines require that both the Chair of the Board and Lead Independent Director be elected annually by the independent directors. The Board reevalua...
[pat]: ...on, the annual performance review of the Board and its Committees, and director succession planning. Elected annually by the independent directors. Service length: As a guideline, the Lead Independent Director should serve in that capacity for no more than four to six years. Christine A. Leahy Lead Independent Director (Since 2025) Our Corporate Governance Guidelines require that both the Chair of the Board and Lead Independent Director be elected annually by the independent directors. The Board reevaluates its leadership structure at least annually as part of the Board evaluation process described under “Board a...
[pat]: ... the independent directors. Service length: As a guideline, the Lead Independent Director should serve in that capacity for no more than four to six years. Christine A. Leahy Lead Independent Director (Since 2025) Our Corporate Governance Guidelines require that both the Chair of the Board and Lead Independent Director be elected annually by the independent directors. The Board reevaluates its leadership structure at least annually as part of the Board evaluation process described under “Board and Committee evaluations” on page 20 . The Board is committed to continuing to seek shareholder feedback on its approach...
[pat]: ... guideline, the Lead Independent Director should serve in that capacity for no more than four to six years. Christine A. Leahy Lead Independent Director (Since 2025) Our Corporate Governance Guidelines require that both the Chair of the Board and Lead Independent Director be elected annually by the independent directors. The Board reevaluates its leadership structure at least annually as part of the Board evaluation process described under “Board and Committee evaluations” on page 20 . The Board is committed to continuing to seek shareholder feedback on its approach as part of its ongoing shareholder outreach eff...
[pat]: ...mmittee membership. The Board rotates Committee assignments periodically. The following considerations provide the framework for determining Committee composition and leadership: • the guideline for rotating Committee Chair assignments is four to six years of service; • the Board seeks to have each independent director serve on two Committees; • the Board considers a number of factors in deciding Committee composition, including individual director experience and qualifications, prior Committee experience, and increased time commitments for directors serving as a Committee Chair or Lead Independent Director; and ...
[pat]: ... each independent director serve on two Committees; • the Board considers a number of factors in deciding Committee composition, including individual director experience and qualifications, prior Committee experience, and increased time commitments for directors serving as a Committee Chair or Lead Independent Director; and • the Corporate Governance Guidelines provide that if we have designated a Lead Independent Director that person also serves as a member of the Governance & Sustainability Committee. 12 TARGET CORPORATION 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents General information about corporate governance and...
[pat]: ...Committee composition, including individual director experience and qualifications, prior Committee experience, and increased time commitments for directors serving as a Committee Chair or Lead Independent Director; and • the Corporate Governance Guidelines provide that if we have designated a Lead Independent Director that person also serves as a member of the Governance & Sustainability Committee. 12 TARGET CORPORATION 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents General information about corporate governance and the Board Information about our Committees All members of each Committee are independent directors. Each ...
[pat]: ... a Lead Independent Director that person also serves as a member of the Governance & Sustainability Committee. 12 TARGET CORPORATION 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents General information about corporate governance and the Board Information about our Committees All members of each Committee are independent directors. Each Committee operates under a written charter, a current copy of which is available on Target’s website, as described in Question 16 “How may I access or receive the proxy materials, other periodic filings, key corporate governance documents, and other information?” on page 97 . In fulfilling t...
[pat]: ... governance structure and practices. • Director succession planning. Director succession planning reviews and identification, screening, and recruitment of individuals qualified to become Board members. • Board and Committee composition and leadership. Recommendations, in consultation with the Lead Independent Director, on overall composition of the Board and its Committees, and the selection of the Committee Chairs and the Lead Independent Director. • Board and Committee evaluations. Annual performance review of the Board and its Committees in consultation with the Lead Independent Director. • Sustainability mat...
[pat]: ...ng, and recruitment of individuals qualified to become Board members. • Board and Committee composition and leadership. Recommendations, in consultation with the Lead Independent Director, on overall composition of the Board and its Committees, and the selection of the Committee Chairs and the Lead Independent Director. • Board and Committee evaluations. Annual performance review of the Board and its Committees in consultation with the Lead Independent Director. • Sustainability matters. Overall approach to resiliency in our business model, philanthropy and community engagement, and social and political issues an...
[pat]: ...ltation with the Lead Independent Director, on overall composition of the Board and its Committees, and the selection of the Committee Chairs and the Lead Independent Director. • Board and Committee evaluations. Annual performance review of the Board and its Committees in consultation with the Lead Independent Director. • Sustainability matters. Overall approach to resiliency in our business model, philanthropy and community engagement, and social and political issues and risks from across the political spectrum not allocated to other Committees. • Public policy advocacy and political activities. Our policies and...
[pat]: ...pdates on key risk areas from other members of our Leadership Team (and certain members of their teams with primary responsibility for managing those risk areas), and regularly reviews legal and regulatory risk, compliance, and ethics matters. Under our existing Board leadership structure, the Lead Independent Director plays an important role in supporting the Board’s oversight of risks by reviewing and approving meeting schedules, agendas, and information furnished to the Board. The Committee Chairs do the same for their respective Committees. The general risk oversight functions among the Board and its Committe...
[pat]: ...on regarding our cybersecurity risk management, strategy, and governance and a related description of our information security and data privacy practices, see Part I, Item 1C, Cybersecurity of our 2025 Annual Report . Director independence The Board believes that a majority of its members should be independent directors. The Board annually reviews all relationships that directors have with Target to affirmatively determine whether the directors are independent. If a director has a material relationship with Target, that director is not independent. The listing standards of the NYSE also detail certain relationshi...
[pat]: ...b) in which one of our directors, nominees for director, executive officers, or greater than five percent shareholders, or their immediate family members, have a direct or indirect material interest, and (c) where the amount involved exceeds $120,000 in any fiscal year, be approved by a majority of independent directors of the full Board or by a designated Committee. The Board has designated the Audit & Risk Committee as having responsibility for reviewing and approving all such transactions except those dealing with compensation of executive officers and directors, or their immediate family members, in which cas...
[pat]: ...g all such transactions except those dealing with compensation of executive officers and directors, or their immediate family members, in which case it will be reviewed and approved by the Compensation & Human Capital Management Committee. In determining whether to approve any such transaction, the independent directors or relevant Committee must consider, in addition to other factors deemed appropriate, the material facts of the transaction and whether the transaction is on terms no less favorable to Target than those involving unrelated parties. The Audit & Risk Committee must prohibit any transaction it determ...
[pat]: ...eholders, both large and small, to understand their perspectives and priorities, and we communicate relevant feedback to appropriate internal stakeholders for consideration. During Fiscal 2025, we engaged with shareholders collectively owning over 30% of our outstanding shares and involved our Lead Independent Director and Chair of the Compensation & Human Capital Management Committee in conversations as appropriate. The principal topics of engagement since our 2025 Annual Meeting included: • CEO and leadership succession planning; • Board leadership structure; • Board refreshment and director skills; • Team Memb...
[pat]: ...ubmit a proposal or nominate a director candidate for the 2027 Annual Meeting ?” on page 98 . 20 TARGET CORPORATION 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Item one Election of directors Board and Committee evaluations Overview The Governance & Sustainability Committee, in consultation with the Lead Independent Director, annually leads an evaluation reviewing the performance of the Board and its Committees. The evaluation process seeks to obtain each director’s assessment of the effectiveness of the Board, the Committees and their leadership, Board and Committee composition, and Board/management dynamics. As part ...
[pat]: ...the Board, the Committees and their leadership, Board and Committee composition, and Board/management dynamics. As part of the process, the Board evaluates individual director performance through survey questions that seek to obtain candid feedback about individual directors. Additionally, the Lead Independent Director holds one-on-one conversations with each director to discuss their survey responses. This annual evaluation has occasionally been conducted by a third-party consultant, as appropriate. Our Corporate Secretary’s Office administered the most recent evaluation. This annual review process is supplement...
[pat]: ...scuss their survey responses. This annual evaluation has occasionally been conducted by a third-party consultant, as appropriate. Our Corporate Secretary’s Office administered the most recent evaluation. This annual review process is supplemented by regular one-on-one conversations between the Lead Independent Director and each director to obtain informal feedback throughout the year. Annual review process Evaluation planning Director surveys One-on-one interviews Board and Committee discussions Annual governance review Governance & Sustainability Committee reviews the format and process for the annual evaluation...
[pat]: ...overnance review Governance & Sustainability Committee reviews the format and process for the annual evaluation, including the questions to be addressed Survey completed by each director about the Board (including individual director performance) and the Committees on which the director served Lead Independent Director completes one-on-one interviews with each director to seek additional information to supplement the survey responses The full Board and each Committee meet to discuss the results Governance & Sustainability Committee incorporates feedback from the evaluation process as part of its annual governance...
[pat]: ... experiences. Term limit Directors may not serve on the Board for more than 15 consecutive years Mandatory retirement Directors must retire at the end of the term in which they reach age 75 Board composition highlights Our Board’s current composition represents a balanced approach to tenure for our independent directors, allowing the Board to benefit from the experience of longer-serving directors combined with fresh perspectives from newer directors: By years of service (1) Average tenure of independent directors Average age of independent directors 7.3 years 65.6 years (1) Mr. Rice previously served on our Boar...
[pat]: ...mposition highlights Our Board’s current composition represents a balanced approach to tenure for our independent directors, allowing the Board to benefit from the experience of longer-serving directors combined with fresh perspectives from newer directors: By years of service (1) Average tenure of independent directors Average age of independent directors 7.3 years 65.6 years (1) Mr. Rice previously served on our Board from September 2007 to January 2018. The Board values directors who can bring different sets of experiences and perspectives to the Board. The composition of the Board’s current membership of 15 d...
[pat]: ...ent composition represents a balanced approach to tenure for our independent directors, allowing the Board to benefit from the experience of longer-serving directors combined with fresh perspectives from newer directors: By years of service (1) Average tenure of independent directors Average age of independent directors 7.3 years 65.6 years (1) Mr. Rice previously served on our Board from September 2007 to January 2018. The Board values directors who can bring different sets of experiences and perspectives to the Board. The composition of the Board’s current membership of 15 directors is consistent with a strong ...
[pat]: ..., consideration is given to the director’s time commitments related to other boards and to Target, the potential for any conflicts with the director’s duties to Target, and any other factors deemed relevant. TARGET CORPORATION 2026 Proxy Statement 23 Table of Contents Item one Election of directors Independent director skills and composition matrix The Board believes that its members’ collective backgrounds, skills, and experiences make it well-qualified to exercise oversight responsibilities on behalf of Target’s shareholders. The following tables describe key characteristics of our business, desired skills for ...
[pat]: ... Human Capital Management • Governance & Sustainability Other public company boards Current MillerKnoll, Inc. Within past five years None Other past boards None TARGET CORPORATION 2026 Proxy Statement 29 Table of Contents Item one Election of directors Chair, President & CEO, CDW Corporation / Lead Independent Director, Target Corporation Background Christine A. Leahy is the Chair, President & Chief Executive Officer of CDW Corporation, a multi-brand technology solutions provider to business, government, education, and healthcare customers. She has served as Chair of the board of CDW since January 2023 and as Pre...
[pat]: ... also has experience with the roles and responsibilities of different board committees through her prior role as Chief Legal Officer/General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of CDW and in advising clients as a corporate law partner at Sidley Austin. Christine A. Leahy Age 61 Director since 2021 Lead Independent Director since 2025 Committees • Compensation & Human Capital Management • Governance & Sustainability Other public company boards Current CDW Corporation Within past five years None Other past boards None Former Chair & CEO, ImpreMedia, LLC Background Monica C. Lozano is the former President and Chief Exec...
[pat]: ...advisory groups. Notably, while CEO of ImpreMedia, she developed digital tools / data analytics skills while leading the company as an early adopter of digital platforms, and has continued to increase those skills as a member of the board of directors of Apple Inc. Her prior tenure as Target’s Lead Independent Director and service on other public company boards has enhanced her skills and strengthens the Board’s collective oversight capability. She also has experience with the roles and responsibilities of different board committees through current or prior service on the audit, compensation, nominating and gover...
[pat]: ...tail and industry peer group, the Compensation & Human Capital Management Committee approved the following changes to non-employee director compensation in Fiscal 2025 : • An increase of the annual compensation amount from $310,000 to $320,000; and • An increase from $35,000 to $50,000 for the Lead Independent Director. General description of non-employee director compensation Our non-employee director compensation program allows directors to choose one of two forms of annual compensation: • a combination of cash and RSUs; or • RSUs only. For Fiscal 2025 , e ach form under the compensation program was intended to...
[pat]: ...with a $50,000 grant date fair value upon joining the Board, as well as a pro ‑ rated portion of the annual compensation based on the date they joined the Board using the same forms of compensation described under “Combination (Cash and RSUs)” in the table at the beginning of this section. The Lead Independent Director and Committee Chairs receive additional compensation for those roles, which is paid: (a) in cash if the director elects a combination of cash and RSUs, or (b) in RSUs if the director elects all RSUs. For Fiscal 2025 , the additional compensation for the roles of Lead Independent Director and Commit...
[pat]: .... The Lead Independent Director and Committee Chairs receive additional compensation for those roles, which is paid: (a) in cash if the director elects a combination of cash and RSUs, or (b) in RSUs if the director elects all RSUs. For Fiscal 2025 , the additional compensation for the roles of Lead Independent Director and Committee Chairs was as follows: Role Amount Lead Independent Director $50,000 Audit & Risk Chair $25,000 Compensation & Human Capital Management Chair $25,000 Governance & Sustainability Chair $25,000 Infrastructure & Finance Chair $25,000 32 TARGET CORPORATION 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Co...
[pat]: ...pensation for those roles, which is paid: (a) in cash if the director elects a combination of cash and RSUs, or (b) in RSUs if the director elects all RSUs. For Fiscal 2025 , the additional compensation for the roles of Lead Independent Director and Committee Chairs was as follows: Role Amount Lead Independent Director $50,000 Audit & Risk Chair $25,000 Compensation & Human Capital Management Chair $25,000 Governance & Sustainability Chair $25,000 Infrastructure & Finance Chair $25,000 32 TARGET CORPORATION 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Item one Election of directors Non-employee director compensation ta...
[pat]: ...loyee directors are also provided with $100,000 of accidental death life insurance and digital privacy security coverage while serving on the board. (5) The following directors received additional compensation in Fiscal 2025 for their roles as Committee Chairs and, in the case of Ms. Leahy, as Lead Independent Director. The additional compensation is reflected in “Fees earned or paid in cash” and/or “Stock awards” based on the form of annual compensation selected by the director as described under the heading “General description of non-employee director compensation.” Name Role during Fiscal 2025 Ms. Leahy Lead ...
[pat]: .... The additional compensation is reflected in “Fees earned or paid in cash” and/or “Stock awards” based on the form of annual compensation selected by the director as described under the heading “General description of non-employee director compensation.” Name Role during Fiscal 2025 Ms. Leahy Lead Independent Director Ms. Lozano Compensation & Human Capital Management Chair Mr. Stockton Audit & Risk Chair Mr. Barrett Governance & Sustainability Chair Mr. Knauss Infrastructure & Finance Chair TARGET CORPORATION 2026 Proxy Statement 33 Table of Contents Stock ownership information Stock ownership guidelines Stock ...
[pat]: ...h highlights the recent historical votes in support of our Say on Pay proposal. We believe it is important to consider shareholder feedback as we design and evaluate our executive compensation program. We regularly communicate with our shareholders regarding a variety of topics and involve our Lead Independent Director in these conversations, as appropriate. We welcome continued engagement on compensation matters and other issues relevant to our business. See “Shareholder engagement” on page 18 for more information. Executive compensation guiding principles We believe executive compensation should be directly lin...
[pat]: ...Performance metrics A variety of distinct performance metrics are used in both the short-term and long-term incentive plans. This “portfolio” approach to performance metrics encourages focus on sustained and holistic overall company performance. Performance goals Goals are typically approved by our independent directors at the beginning of the performance period and take into account our historical performance, current strategic initiatives, and the expected macroeconomic environment. Our short-term and long-term incentive compensation programs are designed with payout curves and leverage that support our pay for...
[pat]: ...e successful in that endeavor. When we are not, and after reviewing the situation with our Board, we make clear to the proponent why we disagree and articulate the reasons in the Board’s opposition statements below. Item five Shareholder proposal requesting policy requiring the Board Chair to be an independent director Item of business Board recommendation Voting approval standard Shareholder proposal requesting policy requiring the Board Chair to be an independent director The Board recommends that shareholders vote AGAINST this item. Majority of shares present and entitled to vote. (1) Abstentions have the effe...
[pat]: ...e the reasons in the Board’s opposition statements below. Item five Shareholder proposal requesting policy requiring the Board Chair to be an independent director Item of business Board recommendation Voting approval standard Shareholder proposal requesting policy requiring the Board Chair to be an independent director The Board recommends that shareholders vote AGAINST this item. Majority of shares present and entitled to vote. (1) Abstentions have the effect of a vote “Against” and broker non-votes generally have no effect (2) in calculating the required vote. (1) This amount must be at least a majority of the ...
[pat]: ...the 2026 Annual Meeting : TARGET CORPORATION 2026 Proxy Statement 85 Table of Contents Shareholder proposals Shareholder’s proposal and supporting statement RESOLVED : Shareholders ask the Board to adopt a policy, and amend the governance documents as necessary, to require the Board Chair too be an independent director. The policy may provide that if a Chair ceases to be independent, the Board shall replace the Chair with a new, independent, Chair; that compliance with this policy is waived if no independent director is available and willing to serve as Chair; and that the policy shall apply prospectively so as n...
[pat]: ...t a policy, and amend the governance documents as necessary, to require the Board Chair too be an independent director. The policy may provide that if a Chair ceases to be independent, the Board shall replace the Chair with a new, independent, Chair; that compliance with this policy is waived if no independent director is available and willing to serve as Chair; and that the policy shall apply prospectively so as not to violate any contractual obligation existing at its adoption. DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS : With sustained challenges in both performance and reputation, it’s a tough time for Target — to put it mildl...
[pat]: ...ruggles was promoted to CEO—with continued oversight by the previous CEO, now positioned as Executive Board Chair. Shareholders now have an opportunity to strengthen Target’s governance with a policy framework that ensures independent, non-executive Board leadership. Target often points to its Lead Independent Director as a counterbalance to having an executive Chair. But given the company’s ongoing underperformance (and other significant challenges), this structure clearly hasn’t proven sufficient to protect shareholder interests. Looking ahead, we believe a different approach is warranted. This proposal’s adopt...
[pat]: ...parate these roles, should be based on Target’s specific circumstances and the independence and capabilities of its directors. The Board does not believe that mandating the separation of these roles would benefit shareholders. The Governance & Sustainability Committee, in consultation with the Lead Independent Director (LID), has an annual evaluation process in place to review the performance of the Board and its Committees. In addition, through shareholder engagement meetings, the company has found that there is no prevailing theme on a preferred structure for Target. Shareholders express different views on thei...
[pat]: ...cordingly, at the appropriate time, the Board will be required to revisit and determine its future leadership structure. The Board believes it is important to maintain flexibility in making this determination to address evolving circumstances and future needs. Target continues to have a strong Lead Independent Director with robust responsibilities and engagement in the Board room, supported by a governance structure designed to further promote independence. Whenever the Chair of the Board is not independent, as is currently the case, Target’s Bylaws and Corporate Governance Guidelines require that the Board appoi...
[pat]: ...romote independence. Whenever the Chair of the Board is not independent, as is currently the case, Target’s Bylaws and Corporate Governance Guidelines require that the Board appoint a LID. The Corporate Governance Guidelines further require that both the Chair and the LID be elected annually by the independent directors. The independent directors re-elected Ms. Leahy, who has served as LID since January 2025, to continue in this role. The LID position complements the Board Chair’s role, ensuring the independent directors have the necessary information and opportunities to fulfill their oversight responsibilities....
[pat]: ...er the Chair of the Board is not independent, as is currently the case, Target’s Bylaws and Corporate Governance Guidelines require that the Board appoint a LID. The Corporate Governance Guidelines further require that both the Chair and the LID be elected annually by the independent directors. The independent directors re-elected Ms. Leahy, who has served as LID since January 2025, to continue in this role. The LID position complements the Board Chair’s role, ensuring the independent directors have the necessary information and opportunities to fulfill their oversight responsibilities. Among other things, the LI...
[pat]: ...vernance Guidelines further require that both the Chair and the LID be elected annually by the independent directors. The independent directors re-elected Ms. Leahy, who has served as LID since January 2025, to continue in this role. The LID position complements the Board Chair’s role, ensuring the independent directors have the necessary information and opportunities to fulfill their oversight responsibilities. Among other things, the LID is responsible for reviewing, providing input, and approving Board agenda items, and presides over regular executive sessions consisting solely of independent directors. A list...
[pat]: ...ring the independent directors have the necessary information and opportunities to fulfill their oversight responsibilities. Among other things, the LID is responsible for reviewing, providing input, and approving Board agenda items, and presides over regular executive sessions consisting solely of independent directors. A list of full duties is described on page 10 . The Board’s commitment to independent oversight is reinforced by the fact that all Committees are comprised exclusively of independent directors. The Committee Chairs determine the agenda topics to be discussed and materials to be evaluated in the a...
[pat]: ...nput, and approving Board agenda items, and presides over regular executive sessions consisting solely of independent directors. A list of full duties is described on page 10 . The Board’s commitment to independent oversight is reinforced by the fact that all Committees are comprised exclusively of independent directors. The Committee Chairs determine the agenda topics to be discussed and materials to be evaluated in the areas covered by their respective committee charters and provide additional independent leadership to complement the LID. The action requested in the proposal would unnecessarily limit the Board’...
[pat]: ... whenever the Chair of the Board is not independent. For these reasons, the Board believes that this proposal is not in the best interests of Target or its shareholders. The Board recommends that shareholders vote Against the shareholder proposal requesting policy requiring the Board Chair to be an independent director. TARGET CORPORATION 2026 Proxy Statement 87 Table of Contents Shareholder proposals Item six Shareholder proposal requesting a report on presence of pesticides in Target’s private label brands Item of business Board recommendation Voting approval standard Shareholder proposal requesting a report on...
[pat]: ...or” than “Against” No effect No effect Item 4: Approval of the Amended and Restated Target Corporation 2020 Long-Term Incentive Plan FOR Majority of shares present and entitled to vote (1) Vote “Against” No effect (3) Item 5: Shareholder proposal requesting policy requiring the Board Chair to be an independent director AGAINST Majority of shares present and entitled to vote (1)(2) Vote “Against” (2) No effect (3) Item 6: Shareholder proposal requesting a report on presence of pesticides in Target’s private label brands AGAINST Majority of shares present and entitled to vote (1)(2) Vote “Against” (2) No effect (3)...
[pat]: .... (f) “Code” means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended and in effect from time to time, and the regulations promulgated thereunder. (g) “Committee” means two or more Non-Employee Directors designated by the Board to administer the Plan under Section 3, each member of which shall be (i) an independent director within the meaning of the rules and regulations of the New York Stock Exchange and (ii) a non-employee director within the meaning of Exchange Act Rule 16b-3. (h) “Company” means Target Corporation, a Minnesota corporation, or any successor thereto. (i) “Continuing Director” means an individual (A)...
[pat]: ...centive expense from our Operating Income Internet Availability Notice Internet Availability Notice IRC Internal Revenue Code Leadership Team Members of Target’s management who are listed on the “Our Leadership” page of Target’s website ( corporate.target.com/about/purpose-history/leadership ) Lead Independent Director The lead independent director of the Board of Directors of Target Corporation LTI Long-term Incentive Meeting Notice & Summary The “Notice of meeting and proxy summary” section of the 2026 Proxy Statement Merchandise Sales A GAAP metric as reported on page 51 of the 2025 Annual Report Net Sales A G...
[pat]: ...ting Income Internet Availability Notice Internet Availability Notice IRC Internal Revenue Code Leadership Team Members of Target’s management who are listed on the “Our Leadership” page of Target’s website ( corporate.target.com/about/purpose-history/leadership ) Lead Independent Director The lead independent director of the Board of Directors of Target Corporation LTI Long-term Incentive Meeting Notice & Summary The “Notice of meeting and proxy summary” section of the 2026 Proxy Statement Merchandise Sales A GAAP metric as reported on page 51 of the 2025 Annual Report Net Sales A GAAP metric as reported on page...
[pat]: ...nting firm. For 3. Company proposal to approve, on an advisory basis, our executive compensation (Say on Pay). For 4. Company proposal to approve the Target Corporation Amended & Restated 2020 Long-Term Incentive Plan. For 5. Shareholder proposal requesting policy requiring the Board Chair to be an independent director. Against 6. Shareholder proposal requesting a report on presence of pesticides in Target’s private label brands. Against 7. Shareholder proposal requesting a report on reducing plastic microfiber shedding. Against NOTE: In addition, the Company may transact such other business as may properly come ...
[pat]: ...public accounting firm. 3. Company proposal to approve, on an advisory basis, our executive compensation (Say on Pay). 4. Company proposal to approve the Target Corporation Amended & Restated 2020 Long-Term Incentive Plan. 5. Shareholder proposal requesting policy requiring the Board Chair to be an independent director. 6. Shareholder proposal requesting a report on presence of pesticides in Target's private label brands. 7. Shareholder proposal requesting a report on reducing plastic microfiber shedding. If you are a registered or beneficial shareholder, consenting to receive all future annual meeting materials ...
[pat]: ...ersight capability. He also has experience with the roles and responsibilities of different board committees through current or prior service on the audit, nominating and governance, compensation, finance, and/or policy committees of other public company boards. David P. Abney Age 70 Director since 2021 Independent Committees • Audit & Risk • Infrastructure & Finance Other public company boards Current Freeport-McMoRan Inc. Northrop Grumman Corporation Within past five years Macy’s, Inc. Other past boards Allied Waste Industries, Inc. Johnson Controls International plc United Parcel Service, Inc. Founder, The...
[pat]: ...rengthens the Board’s collective oversight capability. He also has experience with the roles and responsibilities of different board committees through current or prior service on the audit, compensation, and finance committees of other public company boards. George S. Barrett Age 71 Director since 2018 Independent Committees • Governance & Sustainability (Chair) • Compensation & Human Capital Management Other public company boards Current None Within past five years Montes Archimedes Acquisition Corp. Other past boards Cardinal Health, Inc. Eaton Corporation plc 26 TARGET CORPORATION 2026 Proxy Statement Tab...
[pat]: ... roles and responsibilities of different board committees through current or prior service on the audit, compensation, nominating and governance, risk management, and/or operations, nuclear, environmental, and safety committees of other public company boards. Gail K. Boudreaux Age 65 Director since 2021 Independent Committees • Compensation & Human Capital Management • Governance & Sustainability Other public company boards Current Elevance Health, Inc. Within past five years Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. Other past boards Genzyme Corporation Novavax, Inc. Xcel Energy, Inc. Former Chief Executive Officer, Hane...
[pat]: ...mpany boards has enhanced his skills and strengthens the Board’s collective oversight capability. He also has experience with the roles and responsibilities of board committees through current service on the audit committee of another public company board. Stephen B. Bratspies Age 58 Director since 2026 Independent Committees • Audit & Risk • Infrastructure & Finance Other public company boards Current The Clorox Company Within past five years HanesBrands Inc. Other past boards None TARGET CORPORATION 2026 Proxy Statement 27 Table of Contents Item one Election of directors Executive Chair of the Board, Target...
[pat]: ...ctive oversight capability. He also has experience with the roles and responsibilities of different board committees through current or prior service on the audit, compensation, nominating and governance, and finance committees of other public company boards. Robert L. Edwards Age 70 Director since 2015 Independent Committees • Audit & Risk • Infrastructure & Finance Other public company boards Current None Within past five years None Other past boards Blackhawk Network Holdings, Inc. Flextronics International Ltd. KKR Financial Holdings LLC Safeway Inc. Spansion Inc. 28 TARGET CORPORATION 2026 Proxy Statemen...
[pat]: ...nd governance skills and strengthens the Board’s collective oversight capability. He also has experience with the roles and responsibilities of board committees through current service on the nominating and governance committee of another public company board. John R. Hoke III Age 61 Director since 2026 Independent Committees • Compensation & Human Capital Management • Governance & Sustainability Other public company boards Current MillerKnoll, Inc. Within past five years None Other past boards None TARGET CORPORATION 2026 Proxy Statement 29 Table of Contents Item one Election of directors Chair, President & ...
[pat]: ...ibilities of different board committees through current or prior service on the audit, compensation, nominating and governance, enterprise risk, credit, asset quality, executive, and/or ethics, quality, and compliance committees of other public company boards. Monica C. Lozano Age 69 Director since 2016 Independent Committees • Compensation & Human Capital Management (Chair) • Governance & Sustainability Other public company boards Current Apple Inc. Bank of America Corporation Within past five years None Other past boards The Walt Disney Company Tenet Healthcare Corporation 30 TARGET CORPORATION 2026 Proxy S...
[pat]: ...oard’s collective oversight capability. He also has experience with the roles and responsibilities of different board committees through current or prior service on the audit, compensation, and nominating and governance committees of other public company boards. Derica W. Rice Age 61 Director since 2020 Independent Committees • Audit & Risk • Infrastructure & Finance Other public company boards Current Bristol-Myers Squibb Company The Carlyle Group Inc. The Walt Disney Company Within past five years None Other past boards Target Corporation (1) (1) Mr. Rice previously served on our Board from September 2007 t...
[pat]: ...oard’s collective oversight capability. He also has experience with the roles and responsibilities of different board committees through current or prior service on the audit, compensation, finance, and/or executive committees of other public company boards. Dmitri L. Stockton Age 62 Director since 2018 Independent Committees • Audit & Risk (Chair) • Governance & Sustainability Other public company boards Current Deere & Company Ryder System, Inc. Within past five years Smurfit WestRock plc Stanley Black & Decker, Inc. Other past boards Synchrony Financial The Board recommends that shareholders vote For each ...
[pat]: ... financial statements. In accordance with SEC rules and NYSE listing standards, we have a separate clawback policy that requires the recovery of excess incentive- based compensation from covered officers in the event we are required to prepare a restatement of our consolidated financial statements. 56 Independent compensation consultant The Compensation & Human Capital Management Committee retains an independent compensation consultant to advise on executive compensation programs and practices. 54 No hedging of company stock Our NEOs and members of the Board may not directly or indirectly engage in transact...
