=== WBD_2026-02-27.htm.gz ===
Item 1A, Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including under Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. Actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed in our forward-looking statements and from our historical financial results due to the factors discussed in this section and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K or disclosed in our other SEC filings. These forward-looking statements and such risks, uncertainties, and other factors speak only as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and we expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to disseminate any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statement contained herein, to reflect any change in our expectations with regard thereto, or any other change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based. Risk Factor Summary Risks Related to the PSKY Merger The completion of the PSKY Merger is subject to a number of conditions, many of which are largely outside the parties control, and, if these conditions are not satisfied or waived, the PSKY Merger may not be completed within the expected timeframe or at all. Failure to complete the PSKY Merger could adversely affect our business, including in the event WBD is required to pay the Company Termination Fee and reimburse PSKY for certain amounts PSKY has paid or may pay to or on behalf of the Company in connection with the PSKY Merger. While the PSKY Merger is pending, we will be subject to business uncertainties and certain contractual restrictions that could adversely affect our business. Risks Related to Our Business and Industry Our businesses operate in highly competitive industries and if we are unable to compete effectively, our business could suffer. Our advertising revenues may be adversely impacted by the changing landscape of television advertising spending and advertising market conditions. Changes in consumer behavior, technological innovations and distribution models may negatively affect our business. The success of our business depends on acceptance of our content, which may be unpredictable and volatile. If our streaming products fail to attract and retain subscribers, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely impacted. Failure to renew, renewal with less favorable terms or termination of our content licenses and distribution agreements may cause a decline in our revenue. We rely on platforms owned by our competitors for distribution of our content. We invest significant resources in sports programming, and there can be no assurance that we will obtain or maintain such licenses or recoup our investment. 5 Our businesses may be subject to labor disruption. We have recognized, and could continue to recognize, impairment charges related to goodwill and other intangible assets. Service disruptions or outages of communications satellites or other technology infrastructure, including cloud-based platforms and connectivity services, could adversely impact our business. Risks Related to Our Financial, Capital and Corporate Structure The terms of the Bridge Loan Facility may restrict our current and future operations, and we may be unable to obtain permanent financing to refinance the Bridge Loan Facility. We have significant debt and may incur additional debt, which could adversely affect our financial health and operational flexibility, and the use of our funds could be limited by the restrictive covenants in the agreements governing our indebtedness. We may be unable to obtain sufficient cash to meet our financial obligations. Our financial forecasts require judgments and estimates that may differ materially from actual results. Corporate restructurings, strategic transactions and acquisitions present many risks and we may not realize the financial and strategic goals that were contemplated at the time of any transaction. Potential conflicts may arise from joint ventures or partnerships, which involve shared control. Certain provisions contained in our charter and bylaws could make it difficult for a third party to acquire us. Risks Related to Domestic and Foreign Laws and Regulations and International Operations Changes in domestic and foreign laws and regulations and other risks related to international operations could adversely affect our business. We are subject to evolving privacy and data protection laws that could impose costly obligations and generate regulatory and litigation risk. Foreign exchange rate fluctuations may adversely affect our business. Increasing complexity of global tax policy could increase our tax liability. General Risks Theft of our intellectual property and unauthorized duplication, distribution and exhibition of our intellectual property may decrease our revenue and adversely affect our business. Our success depends on attracting and retaining key employees and creative talent, and significant shortfalls in recruitment or retention could adversely affect our ability to compete. Cybersecurity risks could lead to disclosure of confidential information, service disruptions, reputational damage, legal liabilities and financial losses. Our business may be negatively impacted by the outcome of uncertainties related to litigation. Global economic conditions and other global events may adversely affect our business. The market price of our common stock has been, and may continue to be, highly volatile. Our participation in multiemployer defined benefit pension plans could subject us to liabilities. ITEM 1. Business. For convenience, the terms Warner Bros. Discovery , WBD , the Company, we, us or our are used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to refer to both Warner Bros. Discovery, Inc. and collectively to Warner Bros. Discovery, Inc. and one or more of its consolidated subsidiaries, unless the context otherwise requires. 6 Industry Trends Headwinds in the industry, such as continued pressures on linear distribution and declines in linear subscribers and continued softness in the U.S. linear advertising market, have had, and are expected to continue to have, a material impact on the operations and results of the Company, including a negative impact on the results of operations attributed to declines in linear advertising revenue. The increase of digital advertising inventory available in the marketplace has also resulted in, and is expected to continue to result in, increased competition for advertising expenditures for both traditional linear networks and ad-supported tiers in streaming services. In addition, the imposition of tariffs by the U.S. government and any retaliatory tariffs from foreign governments, including tariffs directly or indirectly applicable to our industry, may negatively impact our operations and results, including by leading to higher productions costs or decreased spending by advertisers whose expenditures are sensitive to such actions or to general economic conditions. We continue to closely monitor the ongoing impact of industry trends to our business; however, the full effects on our operations and results will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. Description of Business Warner Bros. Discovery is a leading global media and entertainment company that creates and distributes a differentiated and comprehensive portfolio of content and products across television, film, streaming, interactive gaming, publishing, themed experiences, and consumer products through brands including: Discovery Channel, HBO Max, CNN, DC Studios, TNT Sports, HBO, Food Network, TLC, TBS, Warner Bros. Motion Picture Group, Warner Bros. Television Group, Warner Bros. Games, Adult Swim, Turner Classic Movies, and others. We are home to one of the largest collections of owned content in the world with assets and intellectual property across sports, news, lifestyle, and entertainment in most languages and regions of the globe. We create some of the best-in-class content using our renowned library, beloved franchises, and acclaimed creative expertise to serve our audiences and consumers. Our asset mix strongly positions us to execute our key strategies: grow our streaming business globally, enhance our Studios segment, and manage our linear networks for the best possible success in order to create long-term value for our shareholders. We generate revenue from fees charged to distributors that carry our network brands and programming, including cable, direct-to-home ( DTH ) satellite, telecommunication and digital service providers, as well as through direct-to-consumer ( DTC ) subscription services (distribution revenue); the sale of advertising on our networks and digital platforms (advertising revenue); the release of feature films for initial exhibition in theaters, the licensing of feature films and television programs to various television, subscription video on demand ( SVOD ) and other digital markets, distribution of feature films and television programs in the physical and digital home entertainment markets, sales of console games and mobile in-game content, sublicensing of sports rights, and licensing of intellectual property such as characters and brands (content revenue); and other sources such as studio tours and production services (other revenue). In the first quarter of 2025, the Company renamed its DTC reportable segment to Streaming and its Networks reportable segment to Global Linear Networks. In June 2025, the Company announced its plans to separate the Company into two publicly traded companies, Warner Bros. and Discovery Global, and in October 2025, the Company announced that the board of directors would evaluate a broad range of strategic options, including continuing to advance the separation of the Company, a transaction for the entire company or separate transactions for Warner Bros. and/or Discovery Global, as well as an alternative separation structure that would enable a merger of Warner Bros. and spin-off of Discovery Global. Termination of Netflix Merger In January 2026, the Company entered into an amended and restated agreement and plan of merger, by and among the Company, Netflix, Inc. ( Netflix ), Nightingale Sub, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Netflix, and New Topco 25, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of WBD (the Netflix Merger Agreement ), under which Netflix would have acquired the Streaming and Studios segments (subject to certain deviations) and certain other assets and liabilities, including the Company s film and television studios, HBO Max, and HBO, following the separation and distribution of Discovery Global to the Company s stockholders (the Separation Transaction ). Following the board of directors determination that it had received a Company Superior Proposal, as defined in the Netflix Merger Agreement, from PSKY and Netflix s waiver of its right to propose revisions to the Netflix Merger Agreement, on February 27, 2026, in accordance with the terms of the Netflix Merger Agreement, the Company terminated the Netflix Merger Agreement in connection with entering into the PSKY Merger Agreement (as defined below). In connection with the termination of the Netflix Merger Agreement, PSKY, on behalf of the Company, paid Netflix a termination fee of $2.8 billion in cash (the Netflix Termination Fee ) as required by the terms of the Netflix Merger Agreement. 7 PSKY Merger On February 27, 2026, the Company entered into an agreement and plan of merger, by and among the Company, PSKY and Prince Sub Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of PSKY ( Merger Sub ) (as may be amended from time to time, the PSKY Merger Agreement ), pursuant to which and subject to the terms and conditions therein, at the effective time, Merger Sub will merge with and into WBD, with WBD surviving as a wholly owned subsidiary of PSKY. Upon completion of the PSKY Merger, each issued and outstanding share of WBD common stock (subject to certain exceptions) will be converted into the right to receive an amount in cash equal to $31.00, without interest, plus, if the closing date of the PSKY Merger occurs after September 30, 2026, the Ticking Consideration (the Merger Consideration ). The Ticking Consideration will be an amount in cash equal to $0.00277778 multiplied by the number of calendar days elapsed after September 30, 2026 to and including the closing date (which, for the avoidance of doubt, will not exceed $0.25 per 90 calendar day period). Concurrently with the execution of the PSKY Merger Agreement, Larry J. Ellison and an associated trust entered into a guarantee in favor of WBD to, among other things, jointly and severally guarantee certain payments by PSKY under the PSKY Merger Agreement, including $45.72 billion of the Merger Consideration, and assist WBD with the consummation of the PSKY Merger. The completion of the PSKY Merger is subject to the receipt of required regulatory approvals, the approval of WBD shareholders and other customary closing conditions. In addition, PSKY s obligation to consummate the PSKY Merger is subject to WBD not having completed the separation of its Streaming Studios business from its Global Linear Networks business nor having declared or made any dividend to WBD s stockholders to effectuate the separation. There can be no assurance that the PSKY Merger will occur in accordance with the expected plans or anticipated timeline, or at all. The PSKY Merger Agreement contains certain customary termination rights for WBD and PSKY, including, without limitation, a right for either party to terminate if the PSKY Merger is not completed on or before March 4, 2027, subject to an extension to June 4, 2027 specified in the PSKY Merger Agreement. Termination under specified circumstances will require WBD to pay PSKY a termination fee of $3.0 billion and reimburse PSKY for (i) any payment made by PSKY, which will in no event be more than $1,528 million, in connection with WBD s obligation to complete the Junior Lien Exchange Offer (as defined herein) by December 30, 2026 and (ii) the Netflix Termination Fee, or PSKY to pay WBD a termination fee of $7.0 billion. Reportable Segments There have been no changes to the Company s reportable segments or the composition of the Company s reportable segments as a result of these actions. Any differences in the composition of our reportable segments as a result of the previously proposed Separation Transaction have not been reflected as our chief operating decision maker ( CODM ), the Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ), has not implemented any corresponding changes to the way our business was managed through December 31, 2025. We have included supplemental Streaming Studios and Global Linear Networks division information and supplemental consolidating data in Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. As of December 31, 2025, we classified our operations in three reportable segments: Streaming - Our Streaming segment primarily consists of our premium pay-TV and streaming services. Studios - Our Studios segment primarily consists of the production and release of feature films for initial exhibition in theaters, production and initial licensing of television programs to third parties and our networks/streaming services, distribution of our films and television programs to various third party and internal television and streaming services, distribution through the home entertainment market (physical and digital), related consumer products and themed experience licensing, and interactive gaming. Global Linear Networks - Our Global Linear Networks segment primarily consists of our domestic and international television networks. Our segment presentation aligns with our management structure and the financial information management uses to make decisions about operating matters, such as the allocation of resources and business performance assessments. Financial information for our segments and the geographical areas in which we do business is set forth in Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Note 23 to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 8 Streaming WBD s Streaming segment includes our streaming services, such as HBO Max and discovery+ , premium pay-TV services, such as HBO , and certain premium sports streaming products. Our streaming services are available on most mobile and connected TV devices. As of December 31, 2025, we had 131.6 million Streaming subscribers 1 . Our strong subscriber growth this year has driven increased revenue and profitability for the Streaming segment. In January 2026, HBO Max was launched in Germany and Italy, and we anticipate launching in the UK in March 2026. HBO is one of the most respected and innovative entertainment brands in the world, serving iconic, award-winning programming through the HBO linear channels and our DTC streaming service, HBO Max. In 2025, HBO s crime drama The Penguin earned Colin Farrell a Golden Globe Award in the category for Best Performance by a Male Actor in a Limited Series, Anthology Series, or a Motion Picture Made for Television, and the series garnered nine wins at the 77th Emmy Awards. Other Emmy standouts were Hacks and the new HBO Max series The Pitt . The Pitt concluded its freshman season with a 13-week streak of week-over-week growth with every episode since its two-part premiere on January 9, 2025 outperforming the last. The medical drama, produced by Warner Bros. Television, received five Emmy Awards including Outstanding Drama series and is renewed for a third season. Other hit HBO series that returned to critical acclaim in 2025 included The White Lotus , The Gilded Age, and The Last of Us . HBO Max is a streaming destination for a variety of programming including HBO Originals, Warner Bros. films, HBO Max Originals, the DC universe, the Wizarding World of Harry Potter, CNN, and programming across food, home, reality, lifestyle, and documentaries from leading brands like HGTV, Food Network, Discovery Channel, and more. Our strategy to grow our Streaming business globally delivered success in 2025 with HBO Max s expansion hitting over 100 markets including Latin America, the Caribbean, Europe, Australia, and Asia and the addition of 14.7 million global subscribers to our Streaming products. In 2025, our content pipeline for HBO and HBO Max included the highly anticipated returns of The White Lotus , The Last of Us , Hacks , ...And Just Like That , Peacemaker , and The Gilded Age, as well as the series premieres of It: Welcome to Derry and Task . Notable new series slated for 2026 include the Game of Thrones prequel, A Knight of the Seven Kingdoms , the dark comedy miniseries DTF St. Louis starring David Harbour and Jason Bateman, and the HBO Original comedy series Rooster , from co-showrunners and executive producers Bill Lawrence and Matt Tarses and stars Steve Carell, who also serves as executive producer. Hit series returning in 2026 include House of the Dragon , Euphoria , The Pitt, and Hacks . discovery+ is WBD s non-fiction, real-life subscription-based streaming service. discovery+ features a wide range of series across popular passion verticals, including lifestyle and relationships; home and food; true crime; paranormal; adventure and natural history; science, tech, and the environment; and a slate of high-quality documentaries. HBO Max and discovery+ currently feature both ad-free and ad-lite versions in most markets. 1 Streaming subscriber - We define a Core Streaming Subscription as: i. a retail subscription to discovery+, HBO, HBO Max, Max, or a Premium Sports Product (defined below) for which we have recognized subscription revenue, whether directly or through a third party, from a Streaming platform; ii. a wholesale subscription to discovery+, HBO, HBO Max, Max, or a Premium Sports Product for which we have recognized subscription revenue from a fixed-fee arrangement with a third party and where the individual user has activated their subscription; iii. a wholesale subscription to discovery+, HBO, HBO Max, Max, or a Premium Sports Product for which we have recognized subscription revenue on a per subscriber basis, including third-party services that host a branded environment of discovery+, HBO, HBO Max, Max, or a Premium Sports Product for which we have recognized subscription revenue on a per subscriber basis; iv. a retail or wholesale subscription to an independently-branded, regional product sold on a stand-alone basis that includes discovery+, HBO, HBO Max, Max, and/or a Premium Sports Product, for which we have recognized subscription revenue (as per (i) (iii) above); and users on free trials who convert to a subscription for which we have recognized subscription revenue within the first seven days of the calendar month immediately following the month in which their free trial expires. The Company defines a Premium Sports Product as a strategically prioritized, sports-focused product sold on a stand-alone basis and made available directly to consumers. The current independently-branded, regional product referred to in (iv) above consist of TVN/Player. Subscribers to multiple WBD Streaming products (listed above) are counted as a paid subscriber for each individual WBD streaming product subscription. We may refer to the aggregate number of Core Streaming Subscriptions as subscribers . The reported number of subscribers included herein and the definition of Streaming Subscription as used herein excludes: i. individuals who subscribe to Streaming products, other than discovery+, HBO, HBO Max, Max, a Premium Sports Product, and independently-brand, regional products (currently consisting of TVN/Player), that may be offered by us or by certain joint venture partners or affiliated parties from time to time; ii. a limited number of international discovery+ subscribers that are part of non-strategic partnerships or short-term arrangements as may be identified by the Company from time to time; iii. domestic and international Cinemax subscribers, and international basic HBO subscribers; and users on free trials except for those users on free trial that convert to a Streaming Subscription within the first seven days of the next month as noted above. Domestic subscriber - We define a Domestic subscriber as a subscription based either in the United States of America or Canada. International subscribe r - We define an International subscriber as a subscription based outside of the United States of America or Canada. 9 For the year ended December 31, 2025, distribution, advertising, and content revenues were 87%, 9%, and 4%, respectively, of total revenues for this segment. Studios WBD s Studios segment includes the Warner Bros. Motion Picture Group ( WBMPG ), DC Studios, Warner Bros. Television Group ( WBTVG ), Consumer Products, Themed Entertainment and Brand Licensing, DC Comics Publishing, Content Licensing, Home Entertainment, Studio Operations, and Interactive Gaming. WBMPG is comprised of Warner Bros. Pictures, New Line Cinema, and Warner Bros. Pictures Animation . WBMPG partners with captivating storytellers to create filmed entertainment for a global audience. DC Studios, tasked with developing properties licensed from DC Comics for film, television, animation, and games, continues the tradition of high-quality storytelling within the DC Universe, while building a sustainable growth business out of the iconic characters. WBTVG consists of Warner Bros. Television, the Company s flagship television production unit for live-action scripted programming, as well as Warner Bros. Unscripted Television , which produces unscripted and alternative programming through its four production units Warner Horizon Unscripted Television, Telepictures , Warner Bros. International Television Production, and Shed Media . WBTVG also includes Warner Bros. Animation, Cartoon Network Studios, and Hanna-Barbera Studios Europe . Among the Studios segment s content highlights for 2025 were One Battle After Another, Sinners, Superman, A Minecraft Movie, and Weapons on the film side, and we were also the first studio in Hollywood s history to open seven consecutive movies above $40 million at the domestic box office. Award-winning TV titles for 2025 include Abbott Elementary , Shrinking, and The Pitt. Beyond its production operations, the Studios segment includes various businesses that facilitate consumer interaction with the intellectual property it creates. WBD Global Experiences consists of the Company s worldwide studio tours, retail destinations, touring exhibitions, and all location-based experiences inspired by Harry Potter , DC, Looney Tunes , Scooby-Doo , Game of Thrones , Friends , and more. Global distribution of most of WBD s content is handled by Content Sales , which provides content for viewers across streaming, cable, satellite and broadcast networks, local television stations, and airlines. Warner Bros. Home Entertainment oversees the global distribution of content through physical goods (Blu-ray Disc and DVD) and digital media in the form of electronic sell-through and video-on-demand via cable, satellite, online, and mobile channels. The Studios segment also includes Warner Bros. Games , a worldwide publisher, developer, licensor, and distributor of content for the interactive space across all platforms, including console, handheld, mobile, and PC-based gaming for both internal and third-party game titles. In June 2025, Warner Bros. Games announced its new focus on four core franchises - Harry Potter, Game of Thrones, DC, and Mortal Kombat. For the year ended December 31, 2025, content and other revenues were 93% and 7%, respectively, of total revenues for this segment. Global Linear Networks WBD s Global Linear Networks segment includes general entertainment, lifestyle, and news networks in the U.S., as well as a host of international media networks and global sports networks. General and lifestyle entertainment networks in the U.S. include TNT , TBS , Turner Classic Movies , OWN , HGTV , Food Network , TLC , Discovery Channel and Adult Swim , among many others. In 2025, our portfolio of networks commanded a monthly average of over 140 million total viewers and delivered 17 of the 25 highest-rated unscripted freshman or limited series among Adults 25-54. TNT, TBS, TLC, Food Network, and CNN were five of the top ten ad-supported cable networks for the year among Adults 25-54, with TLC s breakout hit Baylen Out Loud ranking as the #1 unscripted freshman series in prime time among Adults and Women 25-54. CNN , a leading global news brand, launched CNN All Access in October 2025, giving audiences the ability to access a combination of on-air CNN content, news coverage, and exclusive programming directly on CNN s apps and websites. 10 TNT Sports is a global leader in the delivery of premium sports content. The TNT Sports U.S. portfolio includes expansive, multi-platform partnerships with the College Football Playoff, The National Collegiate Athletic Association (the NCAA ) Division I Men s Basketball Championship, Big 12 Football and Men s Basketball, BIG EAST Men s and Women s Basketball, Major League Baseball, National Hockey League, National Association for Stock Car Auto Racing ( NASCAR ), Roland-Garros, Unrivaled and the United States Soccer Federation. TNT Sports also produces the iconic Inside the NBA studio show featuring Ernie Johnson, Charles Barkley, Shaquille O Neal, and Kenny Smith. Additionally, TNT Sports co-manages NCAA.com and NCAA March Madness Live. In Europe, WBD s portfolio of sports brands reaches fans and broad audiences across free-to-air TV, pay-TV, streaming, online, and social platforms. WBD Sports Europe includes consumer brands Eurosport and TNT Sports in the UK and Ireland, as well as sports programming and content on WBD s free-to-air TV networks and streaming content on HBO Max and discovery+. WBD s channels and platforms are home to several major sporting events, including the 2026-2032 Olympic Games in Europe; Australian Open and Roland-Garros; tennis Grand Slams; Grand Tour cycling; the Union Cycliste Internationale Mountain Bike World Series; British and World Superbikes; the Professional Golfers Association Tour year-round in some markets; the Federation Internationale de Motocyclisme ( FIM ) Enduro World Championship; The Ocean Race; the Snooker World Tour; the FIM Speedway Grand Prix, Speedway of Nations and Speedway World Cup; major World Championship and World Cup winter sports events; Premier League; the Emirates FA Cup; Adobe Women s FA Cup; Union of European Football Associations ( UEFA ) Champions League, Europa League and Conference League; Gallagher PREM Rugby; Premiership Women s Rugby; MotoGP; international cricket; and Ultimate Fighting Championship. In Latin America, the TNT Sports portfolio includes live broadcasting for UEFA Champions League and UEFA Super Cup in Brazil and Mexico; Premier League, FA Challenge Cup and Community Shield in Mexico; and Campeonato Paulista in Brazil. TNT Sports owned-and-operated platforms include Bleacher Report, Eurosport.com, House of Highlights , Golf Digest, and a full suite of digital and social brands. For the year ended December 31, 2025, distribution, advertising, content, and other revenues were 55%, 36%, 7%, and 2%, respectively, of total revenues for this segment. COMPETITION Providing content across various distribution platforms is a highly competitive business worldwide. We experience competition for the development and acquisition of content, distribution and sale of our content, sale of advertising time on our services, and viewership. There is competition f