=== KKR_2026-02-27.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS You should carefully consider the risks described below and the other information contained in this report and other filings that we make from time to time with the SEC, including our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Any of the following risks could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and prospects. Many risks discussed in this report also impact our investment vehicles, portfolio companies and other investments, including balance sheet investments, which may, in turn, materially and adversely impact KKR. When discussing our risks in this report, unless the context requires otherwise, references to (i) our investments include our portfolio companies, which are typically companies in which we have a controlling equity interest or other investment with significant influence, (ii) investors refers to the investors in our funds and other investment vehicles, and (iii) investments that we make or own on our balance sheet include the portfolio companies reported in our Strategic Holdings segment and investments held by our insurance subsidiaries. We could also be materially and adversely affected by other risks that are not known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial. The following risk factors have been organized by category within risks related to our business, regulatory framework, investment activities, insurance activities, and our organizational structure; however, many of the risks are interrelated, and as a result, should be read together to fully understand the risks involved with investing in our securities. See also “Business—Regulation” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” for a discussion of certain business, competitive, regulatory, market, economic and other conditions that may materially and adversely affect us. Risks Related to Our Business Difficult market and economic conditions can, and periodically do, materially and adversely affect KKR. Our business is materially affected by market and economic conditions and events throughout the world, including conditions relating to interest rates, fiscal and monetary stimulus (and stimulus withdrawal), availability of credit, inflation rates, economic growth, changes in laws, trade barriers, commodity prices, foreign exchange rates and controls, and liquidity conditions in equity and debt capital markets. These market and economic conditions are not in our control and are often difficult, if not impossible, to predict, manage, mitigate, hedge or foresee. Examples of how market and economic conditions may materially and adversely affect our business and financial results include negative impacts to us from any or all of the following: • the performance and value of the investments held by us and our investment vehicles, • opportunities for us and our investment vehicles to make, exit and realize value from our and their investments, • our ability to find suitable investments or secure financing for investments on attractive terms, or at all, • the attractiveness of our investment vehicles and insurance products to investors and policyholders, respectively, including our ability to raise capital for new or successor funds and other investment vehicles on attractive terms, • the frequency and size of fees generated from our capital markets business in connection with the issuance and placement of equity and debt securities, loans and credit facilities, • the availability and cost of capital for our insurance subsidiaries and our investment vehicles’ portfolio companies, • policyholder behavior, including policyholders electing to defer paying insurance premiums, stop paying insurance premiums altogether, or surrender their policies, and • the cost of providing guaranteed insurance benefits, insurance capital requirements and collateral requirements. See also “—Risks Related to our Investment Activities—Various conditions and events outside of our control that are difficult to quantify or predict may have a significant impact on the valuation of our investments” below. Global, regional and local events outside of our control, including geopolitical events and natural disasters, could materially and adversely impact KKR. We are a global financial institution with operations, investors and investments located around the world. Geopolitical developments, including the imposition of protectionist measures by countries such as sanctions, restrictions on foreign direct investment, trade barriers, tariffs, export controls and other governmental actions related to international trade agreements and policies that materially constrain cross-border flows of capital, goods, or data, may impact our investment activities and investments. In addition, other geopolitical developments such as political instability, civil unrest, and national and international security events (including the outbreak of war, military action, terrorist acts or other hostilities), can, and occasionally do, materially and adversely impact our ability to conduct our investment management and insurance 32 Table of Contents businesses, in addition to our investments. These risks have increased in both scale and complexity due to intensifying geopolitical competition and conflicts, including the ongoing Russian invasion of Ukraine, instability in the Middle East, heightened geopolitical competition between China and other major world economies, heightened levels of political populism leading to regulatory volatility, growing use of industrial policy globally (including the imposition of tariffs and other trade and capital barriers), and increased attention to global threats. We are subject to these risks as we own and seek to own businesses throughout the world, have offices and employees in multiple countries and seek investors throughout the world for our investment products and certain of our insurance products. We are also affected by natural disasters or catastrophes, such as public health crises, pandemics, epidemics, security events, and weather events, any of which could have an adverse impact on our ability to conduct our investment management and insurance businesses. Potential changes in climatic conditions, together with the response or failure to respond to these changes, could precipitate the frequency, severity, and impact of natural disasters or catastrophes. Such events outside of our control could limit or even materially prohibit our ability to conduct any operations or investment activities in certain locations. In addition, claims arising from the occurrence of such events could have an adverse effect on our insurance activities, in particular with respect to increases in the number of claims, lapses and surrenders of existing policies, as well as sales of new policies. These events outside of our control, and actions taken in response to them, may contribute to significant volatility in the financial markets, resulting in increased volatility in equity prices (including our common stock), valuation, material interest rate changes, supply chain disruptions, such as simultaneous supply and demand shock to global, regional and national economies, and an increase in inflationary pressures. These events and the disruptions that they cause, alone or in combination, also have the potential to strain or deplete our infrastructure and response capabilities generally, and to increase costs, including costs of insurance, each of which could materially and adversely affect us. See also “—Risks Related to Our Investment Activities—Investments in real assets may expose us and our investment vehicles to greater risks, liabilities and operational complexities than investments in operating companies.” We may have direct investments in a region or a country that is experiencing one of the aforementioned events, and we may also be materially and adversely affected by the occurrence of such events as a result of indirect exposure that our portfolio companies or other investments may have through other interconnectivities such as supply chains, commodity prices and general macroeconomic exposure. These events, including barriers to investment between the U.S. and other countries or regions, could chill or limit business opportunities, adversely impact the value of our investments, increase costs, decrease margins, reduce the competitiveness of products and services offered by portfolio companies, and adversely affect the revenues and profitability of portfolio companies. The loss of key personnel or their services, or any misconduct by key personnel, could have a material adverse effect on KKR. Our Co-Founders, Co-Chief Executive Officers, employees, and other key personnel, including certain consultants and advisors, possess substantial experience and expertise and have strong business relationships with investors in our investment funds, other members of the business community and distributors of our investment vehicles and insurance products. As a result, the loss of key personnel could jeopardize our relationships with these individuals and entities, result in the reduction of AUM or investment opportunities, or render us unable to maintain operations and support growth of our businesses. The loss of services of key personnel could also harm our ability to maintain or grow AUM in existing investment vehicles or raise additional funds in the future. Competition is also intense for the attraction and retention of qualified employees and consultants, including those with industry-specific expertise. Our ability to continue to compete effectively in our businesses will depend upon our ability to attract new investment professionals, insurance professionals, other employees, and consultants and retain them accordingly. In addition, changes in employee compensation as a result of the modification of our compensation framework or poor investment or financial performance may impact our ability to hire, retain, and motivate our employees whom we depend. Furthermore, the agreements governing our committed capital funds generally provide that in the event certain “key persons” cease to actively manage an investment vehicle or be substantially involved in KKR activities, investors in the investment vehicle may reduce, in whole or in part, their capital commitments available for further investments on an investor-by-investor basis, which could indirectly lead to a limitation on the fund’s ability to conduct its business or cause us to agree to unfavorable terms to continue the affected fund. Although we periodically engage in discussions with the limited partners of our funds regarding a waiver of such provisions with respect to executives involved in geographically or product focused funds whose departures have occurred or are anticipated, such waiver is not guaranteed, and our limited partners’ refusal to provide a waiver may have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. 33 Table of Contents If we cannot retain and motivate our employees and other key personnel or recruit, retain and motivate new employees and other key personnel, our business may be materially and adversely affected. Our ability to recruit, retain and motivate our employees and other key personnel is dependent on our ability to offer highly attractive incentive opportunities, benefits, and compensation, which frequently includes allocating a portion of the carried interest that we earn from our investment vehicles, which we refer to as the carry pool. There can be no assurance that the carry pool will have sufficient cash available to continue to make cash payments in the future, and fluctuations from the distributions generated from the carry pool could render the compensation that KKR separately pays to them to be less attractive. In order to retain and motivate our employees and other key personnel, we may be required to pay them a higher amount of non-carry cash compensation to retain and motivate them. The loss, or ineffectiveness of any incentive compensation plans, including as a result of any adverse changes in regulation or tax law that impacts certain forms of incentives or other remuneration that we may typically offer employees, such as carried interest, may cause us to incur additional expenses to pay competitively with other firms, which could materially and adversely affect KKR. In addition, legal and regulatory developments outside of our control may impact our ability to successfully identify, hire, and promote employees and other key personnel and may necessitate changes to employment compensation practices. We seek to retain our employees by having them agree to a confidentiality and restrictive covenants agreement. However, there is no guarantee that the confidentiality and restrictive covenant agreements to which they are subject, together with our other arrangements with them, will prevent them from leaving us, joining our competitors or otherwise competing with us. Depending on which entity is a party to these agreements and the laws applicable to them, we may not be able to, or may choose not to, enforce them or become subject to lawsuits or other claims, and certain of these agreements might be waived, modified or amended at any time without our consent. Many countries and states within the U.S. in which we operate have proposed, considered, or have already adopted, laws and rules which significantly limit or ban noncompete clauses between employers and their employees, which could both limit our ability to enter into such restrictive covenants and our ability to enforce them. Even where enforceable, these agreements expire after a certain period of time, at which point our former employees will be free to compete against us. From time to time, our firm, our investment vehicles, our portfolio companies and other investments, or our employees may be a focus of public attention or media coverage, and these circumstances, as well as broader social and political tensions, may increase the risk of harassment, threats, acts of violence or other personal safety and security incidents directed at our personnel, including our senior executives, both inside and outside the workplace. We have implemented, and expect to continue to, implement or expand security measures for our senior executives and other key employees, such as physical security, secure transportation, travel restrictions and monitoring or protective services for them and, in some cases, their families. Such measures can be costly and may not be effective in preventing all incidents. Any actual or threatened harm to the personal safety of our employees, or perceived failure to protect them adequately, could materially adversely affect us, including our ability to attract and retain talent. Our business could also be damaged by the misconduct of, or allegations of misconduct of, our employees or other key personnel. Misconduct by our employees or other key personnel could impair our ability to retain and recruit employees, to attract and retain clients and investors, and may subject us to significant legal liability, regulatory scrutiny, and reputational harm. Our reliance on third parties in the operation of our business exposes us to operational, reputational and other risks. We rely significantly on third parties whom we do not control for significant support and assistance with various aspects of our business, including for investment activities, accounting, record keeping, data processing, and other operations. These third parties include technology service providers, financial intermediaries and advisers, law firms, accountants, administrators, lenders, broker dealers, distribution agents, consultants, and other vendors. We generally have less control over the delivery of third-party services and, as a result, may face disruptions to our ability to operate our business as a result of interruptions of such services. We may also be held liable if those third-party service providers, their employees or their own third-party service providers are found to have committed negligence, violated laws or engaged in misconduct. For example, in the past, Global Atlantic was the subject of policyholder and agent class action litigation matters and a number of regulatory matters stemming from service disruptions caused by a third-party administrator for certain Global Atlantic life insurance policies. While Global Atlantic outsources policyholder administration to third-party, it is responsible under insurance regulations and insurance contracts for servicing. We rely heavily on the systems of third parties who provide technology services to us, including as part of our information technology infrastructure. Our data processing systems, communication lines and networks are often supported by third-party service providers, vendors, and intermediaries. A disaster, disruption, error or inability to operate or provide 34 Table of Contents any of these services by us or our vendors or third parties with whom we conduct business could have a material adverse impact on our financial results and our ability to continue to operate our business without interruption. Our business continuation or disaster recovery programs may not be sufficient to mitigate the harm that may result from such a disaster or disruption. In addition, insurance and other safeguards might only partially reimburse us for our losses, if at all. While we have endeavored to mitigate the risk of other disruptions in the future, there can be no guarantee these mitigation efforts will be successful. We may experience material reputational impacts and heightened regulatory scrutiny as a result of these matters. Any interruption or failure of our information technology infrastructure caused directly or indirectly by third-party service providers could result in our inability to provide services to our clients, other disruptions of our business, corruption or modifications to our data and fraudulent transfers or requests for transfers of money or the inability to demonstrate compliance with regulatory requirements. Our third-party service providers could experience, and have experienced, certain cyber incidents, and as a result, unauthorized individuals have gained access to our clients’, and could improperly gain access to our, confidential data through such third parties. Any cybersecurity incidents involving these third parties could impair the quality of our operations and could impact our reputation and materially and adversely affect us. We may also have insufficient recourse against such third parties and may have to expend significant resources to mitigate the impact of such an event, and to develop and implement protections to prevent future events of this nature from occurring. Actions taken by our third-party service providers may also damage our reputation. We consider our reputation critical to attracting and retaining investors, maintaining our relationships with regulators and being viewed as an attractive investment partner. As a result, any negative publicity or negative public perception regarding a third-party service provider’s actions on our behalf may damage our relationships with existing and potential investors, employees, regulators and other stakeholders, impair our ability to raise capital, adversely impact the ability of our investment vehicles to make and exit investments, and impair our ability to carry out investment activities generally. We also specifically depend on the services of various financial intermediaries (including banks, prime brokers, custodians, paying agents and escrow agents), counterparties, administrators and other agents, including to carry out certain credit, securities, derivatives and hedging transactions, subjecting us to the risk that one or more of these counterparties defaults, either voluntarily or involuntarily, on its performance under the applicable contract. We may enter into financial arrangements with a limited number of counterparties, which has the effect of concentrating the transaction volume (and related counterparty default risk) with these counterparties. If such a counterparty defaults, particularly a default by a major investment bank or a default by a counterparty that has a significant number of our contracts, we may be materially adversely affected. In the event of the insolvency of a financial intermediary that is holding our assets as collateral (to the extent not adequately segregated) or that is required to make payments to us, we may not be able to recover equivalent assets or payment in full as we will rank among the financial intermediary’s unsecured creditors. In addition, the timing of the recovery of such amounts and assets (including segregated collateral) may also be significantly delayed as part of the administration of the bankruptcy estate of the financial intermediary. In addition, our risk management processes may not accurately anticipate the impact of market stress or counterparty financial condition, and as a result, we may not take sufficient action to reduce effectively our risks to them. The inability to recover assets or payments from financial intermediaries could have a material adverse impact on us as well as the performance of our investment vehicles. For more information about the risks of using financial intermediaries to sell investment and insurance products, please see “—Risks Related to Regulatory Matters— Distribution of financial products to individual investors subjects us to heightened regulatory, litigation, and reputational risks, which may materially adversely affect our business”. Disruptions in our technology infrastructure or the occurrence of other operational errors could materially and adversely affect our business. Our business depends on the effective execution of operational processes and the reliability of information technology systems, both those we operate and those provided by third parties. We rely on technology systems, including computer hardware, software systems, data processing systems, and other technology infrastructure that we own or that are provided and maintained by third party service providers. See also “—Risks Related to Our Business—Our reliance on third parties in the operation of our business exposes us to operational, reputational and other risks.” As our reliance on such technology infrastructure has increased, so have the risks associated with system vulnerabilities, data loss, cybersecurity incidents, processing failures and operational disruptions. If we are unable to adapt our technology infrastructure to accommodate our growth, business changes or regulatory compliance needs, or if the cost of maintaining such systems may increase materially from its current level, it may have a material adverse effect on us. We may need to continue to invest heavily in upgrades and expansions to our information technology infrastructure to continue to support our business and to avoid disruption of our operations, including our investment activities. Moreover, the technology systems of third-party providers and technology infrastructure that we own may contain vulnerabilities or experience disruptions, including those resulting in data loss, that could materially and adversely impact our business. In addition, certain of our operational processes continue to involve our employees engaging in manual processes, which are inherently subject to execution risk, including unintentional mistakes, 35 Table of Contents processing errors or control failures, which could materially and adversely affect us. Manual processes may be particularly susceptible to error during periods of high transaction volume, personnel changes, new technology system implementations or other operational transitions. Although we maintain policies, procedures, and internal controls, and have implemented technology infrastructure designed to mitigate these risks, such measures may not be effective in preventing or detecting errors in a timely manner. Failures in our operational processes could result in financial loss, regulatory scrutiny, reputational harm, and other adverse consequences. The failure to effectively manage our balance sheet could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. We have made a strategic decision to have a larger balance sheet than most of our asset management competitors, and consequently, the management of our balance sheet has a greater impact on our financial condition and results of operations. We utilize our balance sheet to support our insurance subsidiaries’ business and capital needs, underwrite commitments in our capital markets transactions, make capital commitments to our investment vehicles, and make acquisitions and other strategic investments for our Strategic Holdings segment. A significant portion of our balance sheet is dedicated to the ownership and operation of our insurance business, which is a capital-intensive, long-duration business. Our insurance subsidiaries are subject to regulatory capital requirements and rating agency capital expectations that require each entity to maintain significant levels of capital. To support insurance company capitalization, we may need to contribute additional capital to our insurance subsidiaries, or we may be restricted from growing and expanding our insurance business. Our insurance obligations to policyholders are contractual, and, in contrast to our investment products, we must pay these obligations regardless of the investment performance of the assets backing these obligations. We make significant assumptions to calculate our expected future insurance payment obligations, including with respect to factors such as policyholder behavior and market or economic conditions that are not in our control. We hold significant assets on balance sheet to support these insurance obligations. We are subject to the market impacts on and investment performance of such assets as well as actual policyholder behavior differing from our assumptions. If we are unsuccessful in our asset-liability management, we will suffer insurance operating losses as we will owe more on our insurance obligations than we earn on such assets and may be required to hold additional capital. Our insurance balance sheet requires active risk management and a failure to manage those risks may have a material and adverse effect on us. We have used our balance sheet in our capital markets business to underwrite loans, securities or other financial instruments, which we generally expect to syndicate to third parties. We have also entered into arrangements with third parties that reduce our risk associated with holding unsold securities when underwriting certain debt transactions, which enables our capital markets business to underwrite a larger amount. To the extent that we are unable to syndicate our commitments to third parties or our risk reduction arrangements do not fully perform as anticipated, we may be required to sell such investments at a significant loss or hold them indefinitely, which could impact the performance of such investments and also impair our capital markets business’ ability to complete additional transactions, either of which could materially and adversely affect us. In addition to the investments held in our insurance subsidiaries, which are reported in our Insurance segment, our balance sheet makes investments and holds strategic assets that are reported in our Asset Management and Strategic Holdings segments. We bear the full risk of these balance sheet investments. However, our success in generating returns on this capital, will depend, among other things, on the availability of suitable opportunities for our balance sheet, including for Strategic Holdings, after giving priority in investment opportunities to our advisory clients, and on our ability to realize the values that we expect to achieve from acquiring these. Our balance sheet assets have also been a significant source of capital for new investment strategies and products for investors. For example, we may acquire investments using our balance sheet capital and warehouse these investments while fundraising a particular investment vehicle. We expect our balance sheet capital to be returned to us if such investment vehicle has a successful fundraise. However, if the fundraising is not successful, or if investment vehicle investors are not willing to pay for these warehoused investments, then we may realize losses on those investments or become limited in our ability to seed new businesses or support our existing businesses as effectively as contemplated. We also have made and expect to continue to make significant capital investments in our current and future funds and other investment vehicles. Contributing capital to these investment vehicles is risky, and we may not realize any significant profit from them, or we may even lose some or all of the principal amount of our investments. In addition, we have developed and completed several structured transactions in which our balance sheet provides subordinated or equity financing and third-party investors provide senior or preferred equity financing to an investment vehicle that invests in our investment vehicles and certain other investment assets. We have also entered into similarly structured transactions where 36 Table of Contents the cash flows of our balance sheet’s capital commitments to our investment vehicles have been effectively pledged as collateral for such investment vehicles. Because of the subordinated nature of KKR’s interests, we are at risk of losing all of our interests in these transactions ahead of any third-party if the investments do not perform as expected. For further informat

=== KKR_2026-05-08.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. Other than as set forth in "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations— Business Environment" in this report, there were no material changes to the risk factors disclosed in our Annual Report. ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS Share Repurchases in the Three Months Ended March 31, 2026 Under our current share repurchase program, KKR is authorized to repurchase its common stock from time to time in open market transactions, in privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. The timing, manner, price and amount of any common stock repurchases will be determined by KKR in its discretion and will depend on a variety of factors, including legal requirements, price and economic and market conditions. KKR expects that the program, which has no expiration date, will continue to be in effect until the maximum approved dollar amount has been used. The program does not require KKR to repurchase any specific number of shares of common stock, and the program may be suspended, extended, modified or discontinued at any time. In addition to the repurchases of common stock described above, the repurchase program is used for the retirement (by cash settlement or the payment of tax withholding amounts upon net settlement) of equity awards issued pursuant to our Equity Incentive Plan representing the right to receive shares of common stock. As of May 1, 2026, there is approximately $122 million remaining under KKR's share repurchase program. The table below sets forth the information with respect to repurchases made by or on behalf of KKR & Co. Inc. or any "affiliated purchaser" (as defined in Rule 10b-18(a)(3) under the Exchange Act) of our common stock for the periods presented. During the three months ended March 31, 2026 , 2,173,970 shares of common stock were repurchased, and 578 equity awards were retired. Issuer Purchases of Common Stock (amounts in thousands, except share and per share amounts) Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid Per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (1) Month #1 (January 1, 2026 to January 31, 2026) — $ — — $ 439,178 Month #2 (February 1, 2026 to February 28, 2026) 21,598 $ 92.60 21,598 $ 437,133 Month #3 (March 1, 2026 to March 31, 2026 ) 2,152,372 $ 87.92 2,152,372 $ 247,877 Total through March 31, 2026 2,173,970 2,173,970 $ 247,877 (1) Our existing share repurchase program was announced in April 2024. In March 2026, the share repurchase program was amended such that when the remaining available amount under the share repurchase program becomes $50 million or less, the total available amount under the share repurchase program will automatically increase by an additional $500 million to the then remaining available amount (the “Share Repurchase Program Increase Threshold”). As of May 1, 2026, there was approximately $122 million remaining under the program. Any additional increases to the total available amount after the Share Repurchase Program Increase Threshold is reached would require a separate approval by the Board of Directors of KKR & Co. Inc. The repurchase program does not have an expiration date. 152 Table of Contents Unregistered Sales of Equity in the Three Months Ended March 31, 2026 On March 30, 2026, we issued 15,105 shares of KKR & Co. Inc. common stock to one of our fund investors in connection with arrangements related to the fees paid by such fund investor with respect to its investments. The shares were issued pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act, exempting issuances by an issuer not involving a public offering. ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES. Not applicable. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. Not applicable. ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION . The KKR & Co. Inc. 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the “Annual Meeting”) will be held on Friday, May 29, 2026 at 9:00 a.m., Eastern Time. The Annual Meeting will be held in a virtual meeting format only. Only stockholders of record at the close of business on May 18, 2026 may attend the meeting. To receive further information about how to attend the meeting, please register by sending an e-mail to Investor-Relations@kkr.com with the following information between May 18, 2026 and May 27, 2026. Please write “KKR 2026 Annual Meeting Registration” in the subject line of the e-mail, include your full name, address, and the number of shares of common stock owned by you as of the record date, and be prepared to confirm your ownership of such shares as of the record date. Please note that no discussion of KKR's business will be presented at the Annual Meeting, and no matter will be presented to its common stockholders for a vote. Therefore, no action of common stockholders will be taken at the Annual Meeting. 153 Table of Contents ITEM 6. EXHIBITS. The following is a list of all exhibits filed or furnished as part of this report: Exhibit No. Description of Exhibit 3.1 Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of KKR & Co. Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the KKR & Co. Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 9, 2024). 3.2 Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of KKR & Co. Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the KKR & Co. Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 9, 2024). 10.1 † Credit Agreement, dated as of January 16, 2026, among Global Atlantic Limited (Delaware), Global Atlantic (Fin) Company, the borrowers party thereto, the lenders from time to time party thereto, Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, and the other agents and arrangers party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.28 to the KKR & Co. Inc. Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 27, 2026). 31.1 Certification of Co-Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes- Oxley Act of 2002. 31.2 Certification of Co-Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 31.3 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.1 Certification of Co-Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.2 Certification of Co-Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.3 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 101 Interactive data files pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T, formatted in Inline XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition as of March 31, 2026 and December 31, 2025, (ii) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three months ended March 31, 2026 and March 31, 2025, (iii) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the three months ended March 31, 2026 and March 31, 2025; (iv) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the three months ended March 31, 2026 and March 31, 2025, (v) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the three months ended March 31, 2026 and 2025, and (vi) the Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 104 Cover page interactive data file, formatted in Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101. † Certain information contained in this agreement has been omitted because it is not material and is the type that the reg