=== [ER] edgar_0001404912-26-000011_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 q126earningsrelease_vf.htm EX-99.1 q126earningsrelease_vf KKR Co. Inc. Reports First Quarter 2026 Financial Results May 5, 2026 i On May 1st, KKR celebrated its 50th anniversary a milestone reflecting a half century of navigating cycles and delivering for our clients. Our first quarter results demonstrate that track record and durability, with approximately 20% year-over-year growth across Fee Related Earnings, Total Operating Earnings and Adjusted Net Income per share. Against a volatile backdrop, monetization activity accelerated, and over the past 12 months we ve invested more capital on behalf of our clients than at any point in our history. We are highly confident in the strength of our platform and our long-term positioning. Conference Call A conference call to discuss KKR's financial results will be held on May 5, 2026 at 10:00 a.m. ET. The conference call may be accessed by dialing +1 (877) 407-0312 (U.S. callers) or +1 (201) 389-0899 (non-U.S. callers); a pass code is not required. Additionally, the conference call will be broadcast live over the Internet and may be accessed through the Investor Center section of KKR's website at https://ir.kkr.com/events- presentations/. A replay of the live broadcast will be available on KKR's website beginning approximately one hour after the live broadcast ends. About KKR KKR is a leading global investment firm that offers alternative asset management as well as capital markets and insurance solutions. KKR aims to generate attractive investment returns by following a patient and disciplined investment approach, employing world-class people, and supporting growth in its portfolio companies and communities. KKR sponsors investment funds that invest in private equity, credit and real assets and has strategic partners that manage hedge funds. KKR s insurance subsidiaries offer retirement, life and reinsurance products under the management of The Global Atlantic Financial Group. References to KKR s investments may include the activities of its sponsored funds and insurance subsidiaries. For additional information about KKR Co. Inc. (NYSE: KKR), please visit KKR's website at www.kkr.com. For additional information about Global Atlantic Financial Group, please visit Global Atlantic Financial Group's website at www.globalatlantic.com. New York, May 5, 2026 KKR Co. Inc. (NYSE: KKR) today reported its first quarter 2026 results. KKR Reports First Quarter 2026 Financial Results Joseph Y. Bae and Scott C. Nuttall Co-Chief Executive Officers ii KKR Reports First Quarter 2026 Financial Results Investor Relations Craig Larson Phone: +1 (877) 610-4910 in U.S. / +1 (212) 230-9410 investor-relations@kkr.com Media Kristi Huller Phone: +1 (212) 750-8300 media@kkr.com Legal Disclosures This presentation has been prepared by KKR Co. Inc. solely for informational purposes for its public stockholders in connection with evaluating the business, operations and financial results of KKR Co. Inc. and its subsidiaries (collectively, KKR ), which includes The Global Atlantic Financial Group LLC and its subsidiaries (collectively, Global Atlantic or GA ), unless the context requires otherwise. This presentation is not, and shall not be construed, as an offer to purchase or sell, or the solicitation of an offer to purchase or sell any securities of KKR in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful. This presentation may not be distributed, referenced, quoted or linked by website, in whole or in part, except as agreed to in writing by KKR Co. Inc. The statements contained in this presentation are made as of the date of this presentation, other than financial figures, which are as of March 31, 2026, unless another time is specified in relation to such statements or financial figures, and access to this presentation at any given time shall not give rise to any implication that there has been no change in the facts set forth in this presentation since such date. This presentation contains certain forward-looking statements pertaining to KKR, including with respect to the investment funds, and vehicles and accounts managed by KKR and the Global Atlantic insurance companies. Forward-looking statements relate to expectations, estimates, beliefs, projections, future plans and strategies, anticipated events or trends and similar expressions concerning matters that are not historical facts. You can identify these forward-looking statements by the use of words such as opportunity, outlook, believe, think, expect, feel, potential, continue, may, should, seek, approximately, predict, intend, will, plan, estimate, anticipate, visibility, positioned, path to, conviction, the negative version of these words, other comparable words or other statements that do not relate strictly to historical or factual matters. These forward-looking statements are based on KKR s beliefs, assumptions and expectations, but these beliefs, assumptions and expectations can change as a result of many possible events or factors, not all of which are known to KKR or within its control. Due to various risks and uncertainties, actual events or results may differ materially from those reflected or contemplated in such forward-looking statements. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. All forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this presentation. KKR does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect circumstances or events that occur after the date of this presentation except as required by law. Please see the Appendix for additional important information about forward-looking statements, including the assumptions and risks concerning projections and estimates of future performance. This presentation includes certain non-GAAP measures, including adjusted net income ( ANI ), total segment earnings, total investing earnings, total operating earnings ( TOE ), fee related earnings ( FRE ), strategic holdings operating earnings, and total asset management segment revenues. These non-GAAP measures are in addition to, and not a substitute for, measures of financial and operating performance prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. While we believe that providing these non-GAAP measures is helpful to investors in assessing the overall performance of KKR s business, they may not include all items that are significant to an investor s analysis of our financial results. Please see the Appendix for additional impor

=== [ER] edgar_0001404912-26-000002_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 q425earningsrelease_vf.htm EX-99.1 q425earningsrelease_vf February 7, 2023 KKR Co. Inc. Reports Fourth Quarter 2025 Financial Results February 5, 2026 i 2025 was a strong year for KKR. We had record annual figures across our key metrics, including Fee Related Earnings and Adjusted Net Income per share, capital raised and capital invested. This morning, we announced the acquisition of Arctos Partners. Arctos has created a distinctive and scaled platform across sports investing and capital solutions for asset managers, and the team has extensive experience in secondaries three areas where we see significant long-term opportunity. As we look ahead to KKR's 50th anniversary on May 1st, we've never been more confident in our team and long-term positioning. Conference Call A conference call to discuss KKR's financial results will be held on February 5, 2026 at 9:00 a.m. ET. The conference call may be accessed by dialing (877) 407-0312 (U.S. callers) or +1 (201) 389-0899 (non-U.S. callers); a pass code is not required. Additionally, the conference call will be broadcast live over the Internet and may be accessed through the Investor Center section of KKR's website at https://ir.kkr.com/events- presentations/. A replay of the live broadcast will be available on KKR's website beginning approximately one hour after the live broadcast ends. About KKR KKR is a leading global investment firm that offers alternative asset management as well as capital markets and insurance solutions. KKR aims to generate attractive investment returns by following a patient and disciplined investment approach, employing world-class people, and supporting growth in its portfolio companies and communities. KKR sponsors investment funds that invest in private equity, credit and real assets and has strategic partners that manage hedge funds. KKR s insurance subsidiaries offer retirement, life and reinsurance products under the management of The Global Atlantic Financial Group. References to KKR s investments may include the activities of its sponsored funds and insurance subsidiaries. For additional information about KKR Co. Inc. (NYSE: KKR), please visit KKR's website at www.kkr.com. For additional information about Global Atlantic Financial Group, please visit Global Atlantic Financial Group's website at www.globalatlantic.com. New York, February 5, 2026 KKR Co. Inc. (NYSE: KKR) today reported its fourth quarter 2025 results. KKR Reports Fourth Quarter 2025 Financial Results Joseph Y. Bae and Scott C. Nuttall Co-Chief Executive Officers ii KKR Reports Fourth Quarter 2025 Financial Results Investor Relations Craig Larson Phone: +1 (877) 610-4910 in U.S. / +1 (212) 230-9410 investor-relations@kkr.com Media Kristi Huller Phone: +1 (212) 750-8300 media@kkr.com Legal Disclosures This presentation has been prepared by KKR Co. Inc. solely for informational purposes for its public stockholders in connection with evaluating the business, operations and financial results of KKR Co. Inc. and its subsidiaries (collectively, KKR ), which includes The Global Atlantic Financial Group LLC and its subsidiaries (collectively, Global Atlantic or GA ), unless the context requires otherwise. This presentation is not, and shall not be construed, as an offer to purchase or sell, or the solicitation of an offer to purchase or sell any securities of KKR in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful. This presentation may not be distributed, referenced, quoted or linked by website, in whole or in part, except as agreed to in writing by KKR Co. Inc. The statements contained in this presentation are made as of the date of this presentation, other than financial figures, which are as of December 31, 2025, unless another time is specified in relation to such statements or financial figures, and access to this presentation at any given time shall not give rise to any implication that there has been no change in the facts set forth in this presentation since such date. This presentation contains certain forward-looking statements pertaining to KKR, including with respect to the investment funds, and vehicles and accounts managed by KKR and the Global Atlantic insurance companies. Forward-looking statements relate to expectations, estimates, beliefs, projections, future plans and strategies, anticipated events or trends and similar expressions concerning matters that are not historical facts. You can identify these forward-looking statements by the use of words such as opportunity, outlook, believe, think, expect, feel, potential, continue, may, should, seek, approximately, predict, intend, will, plan, estimate, anticipate, visibility, positioned, path to, conviction, the negative version of these words, other comparable words or other statements that do not relate strictly to historical or factual matters. These forward-looking statements are based on KKR s beliefs, assumptions and expectations, but these beliefs, assumptions and expectations can change as a result of many possible events or factors, not all of which are known to KKR or within its control. Due to various risks and uncertainties, actual events or results may differ materially from those reflected or contemplated in such forward-looking statements. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. All forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this presentation. KKR does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect circumstances or events that occur after the date of this presentation except as required by law. Please see the Appendix for additional important information about forward-looking statements, including the assumptions and risks concerning projections and estimates of future performance. This presentation includes certain non-GAAP measures, including adjusted net income ( ANI ), total segment earnings, total investing earnings, total operating earnings ( TOE ), fee related earnings ( FRE ), strategic holdings operating earnings, and total asset management segment revenues. These non-GAAP measures are in addition to, and not a substitute for, measures of financial and operating performance prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. While we believe that providing these non-GAAP measures is helpful to investors in assessing the overall performance of KKR s business, they may not include all items that are significant to an investor s analysis of our financial results. Please see 

=== [ER] edgar_0001404912-25-000040_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 q325earningsrelease_vf.htm EX-99.1 q325earningsrelease_vf February 7, 2023 KKR Co. Inc. Reports Third Quarter 2025 Financial Results November 7, 2025 i KKR s strong performance continued in Q3 with latest twelve month management fees, Fee Related Earnings and Adjusted Net Income all at record levels. New capital raised reached $43 billion the highest quarterly figure for KKR in over four years reflecting the trust we ve built with our investors and continued momentum across our businesses. With a record $126 billion of dry powder, we remain incredibly well positioned to help our clients navigate the current environment. Conference Call A conference call to discuss KKR's financial results will be held on November 7, 2025 at 9:00 a.m. ET. The conference call may be accessed by dialing +1 (877) 407-0312 (U.S. callers) or +1 (201) 389-0899 (non-U.S. callers); a pass code is not required. Additionally, the conference call will be broadcast live over the Internet and may be accessed through the Investor Center section of KKR's website at https://ir.kkr.com/events- presentations/. A replay of the live broadcast will be available on KKR's website beginning approximately one hour after the live broadcast ends. About KKR KKR is a leading global investment firm that offers alternative asset management as well as capital markets and insurance solutions. KKR aims to generate attractive investment returns by following a patient and disciplined investment approach, employing world-class people, and supporting growth in its portfolio companies and communities. KKR sponsors investment funds that invest in private equity, credit and real assets and has strategic partners that manage hedge funds. KKR s insurance subsidiaries offer retirement, life and reinsurance products under the management of The Global Atlantic Financial Group. References to KKR s investments may include the activities of its sponsored funds and insurance subsidiaries. For additional information about KKR Co. Inc. (NYSE: KKR), please visit KKR's website at www.kkr.com. For additional information about Global Atlantic Financial Group, please visit Global Atlantic Financial Group's website at www.globalatlantic.com. New York, November 7, 2025 KKR Co. Inc. (NYSE: KKR) today reported its third quarter 2025 results. KKR Reports Third Quarter 2025 Financial Results Joseph Y. Bae and Scott C. Nuttall Co-Chief Executive Officers ii KKR Reports Third Quarter 2025 Financial Results Investor Relations Craig Larson Phone: +1 (877) 610-4910 in U.S. / +1 (212) 230-9410 investor-relations@kkr.com Media Kristi Huller Phone: +1 (212) 750-8300 media@kkr.com Legal Disclosures This presentation has been prepared by KKR Co. Inc. solely for informational purposes for its public stockholders in connection with evaluating the business, operations and financial results of KKR Co. Inc. and its subsidiaries (collectively, KKR ), which includes The Global Atlantic Financial Group LLC and its subsidiaries (collectively, Global Atlantic or GA ), unless the context requires otherwise. This presentation is not, and shall not be construed, as an offer to purchase or sell, or the solicitation of an offer to purchase or sell any securities of KKR in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful. This presentation may not be distributed, referenced, quoted or linked by website, in whole or in part, except as agreed to in writing by KKR Co. Inc. The statements contained in this presentation are made as of the date of this presentation, other than financial figures, which are as of September 30, 2025, unless another time is specified in relation to such statements or financial figures, and access to this presentation at any given time shall not give rise to any implication that there has been no change in the facts set forth in this presentation since such date. This presentation contains certain forward-looking statements pertaining to KKR, including with respect to the investment funds, and vehicles and accounts managed by KKR and the Global Atlantic insurance companies. Forward-looking statements relate to expectations, estimates, beliefs, projections, future plans and strategies, anticipated events or trends and similar expressions concerning matters that are not historical facts. You can identify these forward-looking statements by the use of words such as opportunity, outlook, believe, think, expect, feel, potential, continue, may, should, seek, approximately, predict, intend, will, plan, estimate, anticipate, visibility, positioned, path to, conviction, the negative version of these words, other comparable words or other statements that do not relate strictly to historical or factual matters. These forward-looking statements are based on KKR s beliefs, assumptions and expectations, but these beliefs, assumptions and expectations can change as a result of many possible events or factors, not all of which are known to KKR or within its control. Due to various risks and uncertainties, actual events or results may differ materially from those reflected or contemplated in such forward-looking statements. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. All forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this presentation. KKR does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect circumstances or events that occur after the date of this presentation except as required by law. Please see the Appendix for additional important information about forward-looking statements, including the assumptions and risks concerning projections and estimates of future performance. This presentation includes certain non-GAAP measures, including adjusted net income ( ANI ), total segment earnings, total investing earnings, total operating earnings ( TOE ), fee related earnings ( FRE ), strategic holdings operating earnings, and total asset management segment revenues. These non-GAAP measures are in addition to, and not a substitute for, measures of financial and operating performance prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. While we believe that providing these non-GAAP measures is helpful to investors in assessing the overall performance of KKR s business, they may not include all items that are significant to an investor s analysis of our financial results. Please see the Appendix for additional important information about the non-GAAP measures presented herein. Please see the Appendix for other imp

=== [ER] edgar_0001404912-25-000025_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 q225earningsrelease_vf.htm EX-99.1 q225earningsrelease_vf February 7, 2023 KKR Co. Inc. Reports Second Quarter 2025 Financial Results July 31, 2025 i We are active globally across investing, monetizing and fundraising. This momentum is flowing through our financial results, with greater than 25% growth in Fee Related Earnings, Total Operating Earnings and Adjusted Net Income on a trailing 12-month basis. We remain highly constructive as we enter the second half of the year. Conference Call A conference call to discuss KKR's financial results will be held on July 31, 2025 at 9:00 a.m. ET. The conference call may be accessed by dialing +1 (877) 407-0312 (U.S. callers) or +1 (201) 389-0899 (non-U.S. callers); a pass code is not required. Additionally, the conference call will be broadcast live over the Internet and may be accessed through the Investor Center section of KKR's website at https://ir.kkr.com/events- presentations/. A replay of the live broadcast will be available on KKR's website beginning approximately one hour after the live broadcast ends. About KKR KKR is a leading global investment firm that offers alternative asset management as well as capital markets and insurance solutions. KKR aims to generate attractive investment returns by following a patient and disciplined investment approach, employing world-class people, and supporting growth in its portfolio companies and communities. KKR sponsors investment funds that invest in private equity, credit and real assets and has strategic partners that manage hedge funds. KKR s insurance subsidiaries offer retirement, life and reinsurance products under the management of The Global Atlantic Financial Group. References to KKR s investments may include the activities of its sponsored funds and insurance subsidiaries. For additional information about KKR Co. Inc. (NYSE: KKR), please visit KKR's website at www.kkr.com. For additional information about Global Atlantic Financial Group, please visit Global Atlantic Financial Group's website at www.globalatlantic.com. New York, July 31, 2025 KKR Co. Inc. (NYSE: KKR) today reported its second quarter 2025 results. KKR Reports Second Quarter 2025 Financial Results Joseph Y. Bae and Scott C. Nuttall Co-Chief Executive Officers ii KKR Reports Second Quarter 2025 Financial Results Investor Relations Craig Larson Phone: +1 (877) 610-4910 in U.S. / +1 (212) 230-9410 investor-relations@kkr.com Media Kristi Huller Phone: +1 (212) 750-8300 media@kkr.com Legal Disclosures This presentation has been prepared by KKR Co. Inc. solely for informational purposes for its public stockholders in connection with evaluating the business, operations and financial results of KKR Co. Inc. and its subsidiaries (collectively, KKR ), which includes The Global Atlantic Financial Group LLC and its subsidiaries (collectively, Global Atlantic or GA ), unless the context requires otherwise. This presentation is not, and shall not be construed, as an offer to purchase or sell, or the solicitation of an offer to purchase or sell any securities of KKR in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful. This presentation may not be distributed, referenced, quoted or linked by website, in whole or in part, except as agreed to in writing by KKR Co. Inc. The statements contained in this presentation are made as of the date of this presentation, other than financial figures, which are as of June 30, 2025, unless another time is specified in relation to such statements or financial figures, and access to this presentation at any given time shall not give rise to any implication that there has been no change in the facts set forth in this presentation since such date. This presentation contains certain forward-looking statements pertaining to KKR, including with respect to the investment funds, and vehicles and accounts managed by KKR and the Global Atlantic insurance companies. Forward-looking statements relate to expectations, estimates, beliefs, projections, future plans and strategies, anticipated events or trends and similar expressions concerning matters that are not historical facts. You can identify these forward-looking statements by the use of words such as opportunity, outlook, believe, think, expect, feel, potential, continue, may, should, seek, approximately, predict, intend, will, plan, estimate, anticipate, visibility, positioned, path to, conviction, the negative version of these words, other comparable words or other statements that do not relate strictly to historical or factual matters. These forward-looking statements are based on KKR s beliefs, assumptions and expectations, but these beliefs, assumptions and expectations can change as a result of many possible events or factors, not all of which are known to KKR or within its control. Due to various risks and uncertainties, actual events or results may differ materially from those reflected or contemplated in such forward-looking statements. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. All forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this presentation. KKR does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect circumstances or events that occur after the date of this presentation except as required by law. Please see the Appendix for additional important information about forward-looking statements, including the assumptions and risks concerning projections and estimates of future performance. This presentation includes certain non-GAAP measures, including adjusted net income ( ANI ), total segment earnings, total investing earnings, total operating earnings ( TOE ), fee related earnings ( FRE ), strategic holdings operating earnings, and total asset management segment revenues. These non-GAAP measures are in addition to, and not a substitute for, measures of financial and operating performance prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. While we believe that providing these non-GAAP measures is helpful to investors in assessing the overall performance of KKR s business, they may not include all items that are significant to an investor s analysis of our financial results. Please see the Appendix for additional important information about the non-GAAP measures presented herein. Please see the Appendix for other important information. In addition, information about factors affecting KKR, including a description of risks that should be considered when making a decision t

=== [ER] edgar_0001404912-25-000019_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 q125earningsrelease_vg.htm EX-99.1 q125earningsrelease_vg February 7, 2023 KKR Co. Inc. Reports First Quarter 2025 Financial Results May 1, 2025 i Over our 49-year history, we have successfully navigated many periods of uncertainty. Our first quarter results and significant April activity bear testament to the strength of our diversified and durable business model. Volatility can yield attractive investment opportunities, and we're encouraged by our positioning given our global footprint, differentiated operational and investment capabilities, and collaborative culture alongside $116 billion of dry powder ready to invest on behalf of our clients. Conference Call A conference call to discuss KKR's financial results will be held on May 1, 2025 at 9:00 a.m. ET. The conference call may be accessed by dialing +1 (877) 407-0312 (U.S. callers) or +1 (201) 389-0899 (non-U.S. callers); a pass code is not required. Additionally, the conference call will be broadcast live over the Internet and may be accessed through the Investor Center section of KKR's website at https://ir.kkr.com/events- presentations/. A replay of the live broadcast will be available on KKR's website beginning approximately one hour after the live broadcast ends. About KKR KKR is a leading global investment firm that offers alternative asset management as well as capital markets and insurance solutions. KKR aims to generate attractive investment returns by following a patient and disciplined investment approach, employing world-class people, and supporting growth in its portfolio companies and communities. KKR sponsors investment funds that invest in private equity, credit and real assets and has strategic partners that manage hedge funds. KKR s insurance subsidiaries offer retirement, life and reinsurance products under the management of The Global Atlantic Financial Group. References to KKR s investments may include the activities of its sponsored funds and insurance subsidiaries. For additional information about KKR Co. Inc. (NYSE: KKR), please visit KKR's website at www.kkr.com. For additional information about Global Atlantic Financial Group, please visit Global Atlantic Financial Group's website at www.globalatlantic.com. New York, May 1, 2025 KKR Co. Inc. (NYSE: KKR) today reported its first quarter 2025 results. KKR Reports First Quarter 2025 Financial Results Joseph Y. Bae and Scott C. Nuttall Co-Chief Executive Officers ii KKR Reports First Quarter 2025 Financial Results Investor Relations Craig Larson Phone: +1 (877) 610-4910 in U.S. / +1 (212) 230-9410 investor-relations@kkr.com Media Kristi Huller Phone: +1 (212) 750-8300 media@kkr.com Legal Disclosures This presentation has been prepared by KKR Co. Inc. solely for informational purposes for its public stockholders in connection with evaluating the business, operations and financial results of KKR Co. Inc. and its subsidiaries (collectively, KKR ), which includes The Global Atlantic Financial Group LLC and its subsidiaries (collectively, Global Atlantic or GA ), unless the context requires otherwise. This presentation is not, and shall not be construed, as an offer to purchase or sell, or the solicitation of an offer to purchase or sell any securities of KKR in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful. This presentation may not be distributed, referenced, quoted or linked by website, in whole or in part, except as agreed to in writing by KKR Co. Inc. The statements contained in this presentation are made as of the date of this presentation, other than financial figures, which are as of March 31, 2025, unless another time is specified in relation to such statements or financial figures, and access to this presentation at any given time shall not give rise to any implication that there has been no change in the facts set forth in this presentation since such date. This presentation contains certain forward-looking statements pertaining to KKR, including with respect to the investment funds, and vehicles and accounts managed by KKR and the Global Atlantic insurance companies. Forward-looking statements relate to expectations, estimates, beliefs, projections, future plans and strategies, anticipated events or trends and similar expressions concerning matters that are not historical facts. You can identify these forward-looking statements by the use of words such as opportunity, outlook, believe, think, expect, feel, potential, continue, may, should, seek, approximately, predict, intend, will, plan, estimate, anticipate, visibility, positioned, path to, conviction, the negative version of these words, other comparable words or other statements that do not relate strictly to historical or factual matters. These forward-looking statements are based on KKR s beliefs, assumptions and expectations, but these beliefs, assumptions and expectations can change as a result of many possible events or factors, not all of which are known to KKR or within its control. Due to various risks and uncertainties, actual events or results may differ materially from those reflected or contemplated in such forward-looking statements. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. All forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this presentation. KKR does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect circumstances or events that occur after the date of this presentation except as required by law. Please see the Appendix for additional important information about forward-looking statements, including the assumptions and risks concerning projections and estimates of future performance. This presentation includes certain non-GAAP measures, including adjusted net income ( ANI ), total segment earnings, total investing earnings, total operating earnings ( TOE ), fee related earnings ( FRE ), strategic holdings operating earnings, and total asset management segment revenues. These non-GAAP measures are in addition to, and not a substitute for, measures of financial and operating performance prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. While we believe that providing these non-GAAP measures is helpful to investors in assessing the overall performance of KKR s business, they may not include all items that are significant to an investor s analysis of our financial results. Please see the Appendix for additional important information about the non-GAAP measures presented herein. Please see the Appendix 

=== [ER] edgar_0001404912-25-000003_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 q424earningsrelease_vff.htm EX-99.1 q424earningsrelease_vff February 7, 2023 KKR Co. Inc. Reports Fourth Quarter 2024 Financial Results February 4, 2025 i 2024 was a strong year for KKR. Our key financial metrics including Fee Related Earnings, Total Operating Earnings and Adjusted Net Income all grew over 35% year- over-year as the operating backdrop continued to improve. We raised over $100 billion of capital, invested a record amount on behalf of our clients and generated $1 billion of revenues in our capital markets business for the first time. As we start 2025, we are leaning into our business model Asset Management, Insurance and Strategic Holdings with the purchase of additional stakes across three existing Strategic Holdings investments. Conference Call A conference call to discuss KKR's financial results will be held on February 4, 2025 at 10:00 a.m. ET. The conference call may be accessed by dialing +1 (877) 407-0312 (U.S. callers) or +1 (201) 389-0899 (non-U.S. callers); a pass code is not required. Additionally, the conference call will be broadcast live over the Internet and may be accessed through the Investor Center section of KKR's website at https://ir.kkr.com/events- presentations/. A replay of the live broadcast will be available on KKR's website beginning approximately one hour after the live broadcast ends. About KKR KKR is a leading global investment firm that offers alternative asset management as well as capital markets and insurance solutions. KKR aims to generate attractive investment returns by following a patient and disciplined investment approach, employing world-class people, and supporting growth in its portfolio companies and communities. KKR sponsors investment funds that invest in private equity, credit and real assets and has strategic partners that manage hedge funds. KKR s insurance subsidiaries offer retirement, life and reinsurance products under the management of The Global Atlantic Financial Group. References to KKR s investments may include the activities of its sponsored funds and insurance subsidiaries. For additional information about KKR Co. Inc. (NYSE: KKR), please visit KKR's website at www.kkr.com. For additional information about Global Atlantic Financial Group, please visit Global Atlantic Financial Group's website at www.globalatlantic.com. New York, February 4, 2025 KKR Co. Inc. (NYSE: KKR) today reported its fourth quarter 2024 results. KKR Reports Fourth Quarter 2024 Financial Results Joseph Y. Bae and Scott C. Nuttall Co-Chief Executive Officers ii KKR Reports Fourth Quarter 2024 Financial Results Investor Relations Craig Larson Phone: +1 (877) 610-4910 in U.S. / +1 (212) 230-9410 investor-relations@kkr.com Media Kristi Huller Phone: +1 (212) 750-8300 media@kkr.com Legal Disclosures This presentation has been prepared by KKR Co. Inc. solely for informational purposes for its public stockholders in connection with evaluating the business, operations and financial results of KKR Co. Inc. and its subsidiaries (collectively, KKR ), which includes The Global Atlantic Financial Group LLC and its subsidiaries (collectively, Global Atlantic or GA ), unless the context requires otherwise. This presentation is not, and shall not be construed, as an offer to purchase or sell, or the solicitation of an offer to purchase or sell any securities of KKR in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful. This presentation may not be distributed, referenced, quoted or linked by website, in whole or in part, except as agreed to in writing by KKR Co. Inc. The statements contained in this presentation are made as of the date of this presentation, other than financial figures, which are as of December 31, 2024, unless another time is specified in relation to such statements or financial figures, and access to this presentation at any given time shall not give rise to any implication that there has been no change in the facts set forth in this presentation since such date. This presentation contains certain forward-looking statements pertaining to KKR, including with respect to the investment funds, and vehicles and accounts managed by KKR and the Global Atlantic insurance companies. Forward-looking statements relate to expectations, estimates, beliefs, projections, future plans and strategies, anticipated events or trends and similar expressions concerning matters that are not historical facts. You can identify these forward-looking statements by the use of words such as opportunity, outlook, believe, think, expect, feel, potential, continue, may, should, seek, approximately, predict, intend, will, plan, estimate, anticipate, visibility, positioned, path to, conviction, the negative version of these words, other comparable words or other statements that do not relate strictly to historical or factual matters. These forward-looking statements are based on KKR s beliefs, assumptions and expectations, but these beliefs, assumptions and expectations can change as a result of many possible events or factors, not all of which are known to KKR or within its control. Due to various risks and uncertainties, actual events or results may differ materially from those reflected or contemplated in such forward-looking statements. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. All forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this presentation. KKR does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect circumstances or events that occur after the date of this presentation except as required by law. Please see the Appendix for additional important information about forward-looking statements, including the assumptions and risks concerning projections and estimates of future performance. This presentation includes certain non-GAAP measures, including adjusted net income ( ANI ), total segment earnings, total investing earnings, total operating earnings ( TOE ), fee related earnings ( FRE ), strategic holdings operating earnings, and total asset management segment revenues. These non-GAAP measures are in addition to, and not a substitute for, measures of financial and operating performance prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. While we believe that providing these non-GAAP measures is helpful to investors in assessing the overall performance of KKR s business, they may not include all items that are significant to an investor s analysis of our financial results. Please see th

=== [ER] edgar_0001404912-24-000022_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 q324earningsrelease_vf.htm EX-99.1 q324earningsrelease_vf February 7, 2023 KKR Co. Inc. Reports Third Quarter 2024 Financial Results October 24, 2024 i This was a strong quarter for KKR reflecting a return to a more normalized operating environment. Adjusted Net Income grew more than 50% year-over-year alongside record Fee Related Earnings and Total Operating Earnings. Activity levels across the firm remain high as we experience a continued acceleration across our key operating metrics and financial results. Conference Call A conference call to discuss KKR's financial results will be held on October 24, 2024 at 10:00 a.m. ET. The conference call may be accessed by dialing +1 (877) 407-0312 (U.S. callers) or +1 (201) 389-0899 (non-U.S. callers); a pass code is not required. Additionally, the conference call will be broadcast live over the Internet and may be accessed through the Investor Center section of KKR's website at https://ir.kkr.com/events- presentations/. A replay of the live broadcast will be available on KKR's website beginning approximately one hour after the live broadcast ends. About KKR KKR is a leading global investment firm that offers alternative asset management as well as capital markets and insurance solutions. KKR aims to generate attractive investment returns by following a patient and disciplined investment approach, employing world-class people, and supporting growth in its portfolio companies and communities. KKR sponsors investment funds that invest in private equity, credit and real assets and has strategic partners that manage hedge funds. KKR s insurance subsidiaries offer retirement, life and reinsurance products under the management of The Global Atlantic Financial Group. References to KKR s investments may include the activities of its sponsored funds and insurance subsidiaries. For additional information about KKR Co. Inc. (NYSE: KKR), please visit KKR's website at www.kkr.com. For additional information about Global Atlantic Financial Group, please visit Global Atlantic Financial Group's website at www.globalatlantic.com. New York, October 24, 2024 KKR Co. Inc. (NYSE: KKR) today reported its third quarter 2024 results. KKR Reports Third Quarter 2024 Financial Results Joseph Y. Bae and Scott C. Nuttall Co-Chief Executive Officers ii KKR Reports Third Quarter 2024 Financial Results Investor Relations Craig Larson Phone: +1 (877) 610-4910 in U.S. / +1 (212) 230-9410 investor-relations@kkr.com Media Kristi Huller Phone: +1 (212) 750-8300 media@kkr.com Legal Disclosures This presentation has been prepared by KKR Co. Inc. solely for informational purposes for its public stockholders in connection with evaluating the business, operations and financial results of KKR Co. Inc. and its subsidiaries (collectively, KKR ), which includes The Global Atlantic Financial Group LLC and its subsidiaries (collectively, Global Atlantic or GA ), unless the context requires otherwise. This presentation is not, and shall not be construed, as an offer to purchase or sell, or the solicitation of an offer to purchase or sell any securities of KKR. This presentation may not be distributed, referenced, quoted or linked by website, in whole or in part, except as agreed to in writing by KKR Co. Inc. The statements contained in this presentation are made as of the date of this presentation, other than financial figures, which are as of September 30, 2024, unless another time is specified in relation to such statements or financial figures, and access to this presentation at any given time shall not give rise to any implication that there has been no change in the facts set forth in this presentation since such date. This presentation contains certain forward-looking statements pertaining to KKR, including with respect to the investment funds, and vehicles and accounts managed by KKR and the Global Atlantic insurance companies. Forward-looking statements relate to expectations, estimates, beliefs, projections, future plans and strategies, anticipated events or trends and similar expressions concerning matters that are not historical facts. You can identify these forward-looking statements by the use of words such as opportunity, outlook, believe, think, expect, feel, potential, continue, may, should, seek, approximately, predict, intend, will, plan, estimate, anticipate, visibility, positioned, path to, conviction, the negative version of these words, other comparable words or other statements that do not relate strictly to historical or factual matters. These forward-looking statements are based on KKR s beliefs, assumptions and expectations, but these beliefs, assumptions and expectations can change as a result of many possible events or factors, not all of which are known to KKR or within its control. Due to various risks and uncertainties, actual events or results may differ materially from those reflected or contemplated in such forward-looking statements. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. All forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this presentation. KKR does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect circumstances or events that occur after the date of this presentation except as required by law. Please see the Appendix for additional important information about forward-looking statements, including the assumptions and risks concerning projections and estimates of future performance. This presentation includes certain non-GAAP measures, including adjusted net income ( ANI ), total segment earnings, total investing earnings, total operating earnings ( TOE ), fee related earnings ( FRE ), strategic holdings operating earnings, and total asset management segment revenues. These non-GAAP measures are in addition to, and not a substitute for, measures of financial and operating performance prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. While we believe that providing these non-GAAP measures is helpful to investors in assessing the overall performance of KKR s business, they may not include all items that are significant to an investor s analysis of our financial results. Please see the Appendix for additional important information about the non-GAAP measures presented herein. Please see the Appendix for other important information. In addition, information about factors affecting KKR, including a description of risks that should be considered when making a decision to purchase or sell any securities of

=== [ER] edgar_0001404912-24-000014_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 q224earningsrelease_vf.htm EX-99.1 q224earningsrelease_vf February 7, 2023 KKR Co. Inc. Reports Second Quarter 2024 Financial Results July 31, 2024 i This was a strong quarter for KKR. We reported record Fee Related Earnings and are experiencing acceleration across our key operating metrics and financial results. We raised $32 billion of new capital in the quarter, bringing Assets Under Management to over $600 billion. Additionally, we deployed $23 billion in the quarter, up from $10 billion one year ago, and have a healthy deal pipeline in the second half of 2024 across our businesses and geographies. Momentum across the firm remains high, and we remain confident in our team, our model and our growth prospects. Conference Call A conference call to discuss KKR's financial results will be held on July 31, 2024 at 10:00 a.m. ET. The conference call may be accessed by dialing +1 (877) 407-0312 (U.S. callers) or +1 (201) 389-0899 (non-U.S. callers); a pass code is not required. Additionally, the conference call will be broadcast live over the Internet and may be accessed through the Investor Center section of KKR's website at https://ir.kkr.com/events- presentations/. A replay of the live broadcast will be available on KKR's website beginning approximately one hour after the live broadcast ends. About KKR KKR is a leading global investment firm that offers alternative asset management as well as capital markets and insurance solutions. KKR aims to generate attractive investment returns by following a patient and disciplined investment approach, employing world-class people, and supporting growth in its portfolio companies and communities. KKR sponsors investment funds that invest in private equity, credit and real assets and has strategic partners that manage hedge funds. KKR s insurance subsidiaries offer retirement, life and reinsurance products under the management of The Global Atlantic Financial Group. References to KKR s investments may include the activities of its sponsored funds and insurance subsidiaries. For additional information about KKR Co. Inc. (NYSE: KKR), please visit KKR's website at www.kkr.com. For additional information about Global Atlantic Financial Group, please visit Global Atlantic Financial Group's website at www.globalatlantic.com. New York, July 31, 2024 KKR Co. Inc. (NYSE: KKR) today reported its second quarter 2024 results. KKR Reports Second Quarter 2024 Financial Results Joseph Y. Bae and Scott C. Nuttall Co-Chief Executive Officers ii KKR Reports Second Quarter 2024 Financial Results Investor Relations Craig Larson Phone: +1 (877) 610-4910 in U.S. / +1 (212) 230-9410 investor-relations@kkr.com Media Kristi Huller Phone: +1 (212) 750-8300 media@kkr.com Legal Disclosures This presentation has been prepared by KKR Co. Inc. solely for informational purposes for its public stockholders in connection with evaluating the business, operations and financial results of KKR Co. Inc. and its subsidiaries (collectively, KKR ), which includes The Global Atlantic Financial Group LLC and its subsidiaries (collectively, Global Atlantic or GA ), unless the context requires otherwise. This presentation is not, and shall not be construed, as an offer to purchase or sell, or the solicitation of an offer to purchase or sell any securities of KKR. This presentation may not be distributed, referenced, quoted or linked by website, in whole or in part, except as agreed to in writing by KKR Co. Inc. The statements contained in this presentation are made as of the date of this presentation, other than financial figures, which are as of June 30, 2024, unless another time is specified in relation to such statements or financial figures, and access to this presentation at any given time shall not give rise to any implication that there has been no change in the facts set forth in this presentation since such date. This presentation contains certain forward-looking statements pertaining to KKR, including with respect to the investment funds, and vehicles and accounts managed by KKR and the Global Atlantic insurance companies. Forward-looking statements relate to expectations, estimates, beliefs, projections, future plans and strategies, anticipated events or trends and similar expressions concerning matters that are not historical facts. You can identify these forward-looking statements by the use of words such as opportunity, outlook, believe, think, expect, feel, potential, continue, may, should, seek, approximately, predict, intend, will, plan, estimate, anticipate, visibility, positioned, path to, conviction, the negative version of these words, other comparable words or other statements that do not relate strictly to historical or factual matters. These forward-looking statements are based on KKR s beliefs, assumptions and expectations, but these beliefs, assumptions and expectations can change as a result of many possible events or factors, not all of which are known to KKR or within its control. Due to various risks and uncertainties, actual events or results may differ materially from those reflected or contemplated in such forward-looking statements. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. All forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this presentation. KKR does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect circumstances or events that occur after the date of this presentation except as required by law. Please see the Appendix for additional important information about forward-looking statements, including the assumptions and risks concerning projections and estimates of future performance. This presentation includes certain non-GAAP measures, including adjusted net income ( ANI ), total segment earnings, total investing earnings, total operating earnings ( TOE ), fee related earnings ( FRE ), strategic holdings operating earnings, and total asset management segment revenues. These non-GAAP measures are in addition to, and not a substitute for, measures of financial and operating performance prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. While we believe that providing these non-GAAP measures is helpful to investors in assessing the overall performance of KKR s business, they may not include all items that are significant to an investor s analysis of our financial results. Please see the Appendix for additional important information about the non-GAAP measures presented herein. Please see the Appendix for ot

=== [ER] edgar_0001404912-24-000008_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 q124earningsrelease_vf.htm EX-99.1 q124earningsrelease_vf February 7, 2023 KKR Co. Inc. Reports First Quarter 2024 Financial Results May 1, 2024 i We had a solid quarter with 20%+ year-over- year growth in Fee Related Earnings, Total Operating Earnings and Adjusted Net Income and raised $31 billion of new capital. We closed on the acquisition of the remaining stake in Global Atlantic and are now reporting our financial results through three segments: Asset Management, Insurance and Strategic Holdings. With three avenues for long-term, sustained growth as detailed at our April Investor Day we are well positioned for the years ahead. Conference Call A conference call to discuss KKR's financial results will be held on May 1, 2024 at 10:00 a.m. ET. The conference call may be accessed by dialing +1 (877) 407-0312 (U.S. callers) or +1 (201) 389-0899 (non-U.S. callers); a pass code is not required. Additionally, the conference call will be broadcast live over the Internet and may be accessed through the Investor Center section of KKR's website at https://ir.kkr.com/events- presentations/. A replay of the live broadcast will be available on KKR's website beginning approximately one hour after the live broadcast ends. About KKR KKR is a leading global investment firm that offers alternative asset management as well as capital markets and insurance solutions. KKR aims to generate attractive investment returns by following a patient and disciplined investment approach, employing world-class people, and supporting growth in its portfolio companies and communities. KKR sponsors investment funds that invest in private equity, credit and real assets and has strategic partners that manage hedge funds. KKR s insurance subsidiaries offer retirement, life and reinsurance products under the management of The Global Atlantic Financial Group. References to KKR s investments may include the activities of its sponsored funds and insurance subsidiaries. For additional information about KKR Co. Inc. (NYSE: KKR), please visit KKR's website at www.kkr.com. For additional information about Global Atlantic Financial Group, please visit Global Atlantic Financial Group's website at www.globalatlantic.com. New York, May 1, 2024 KKR Co. Inc. (NYSE: KKR) today reported its first quarter 2024 results. KKR Reports First Quarter 2024 Financial Results Joseph Y. Bae and Scott C. Nuttall Co-Chief Executive Officers ii KKR Reports First Quarter 2024 Financial Results Investor Relations Craig Larson Phone: +1 (877) 610-4910 in U.S. / +1 (212) 230-9410 investor-relations@kkr.com Media Kristi Huller Phone: +1 (212) 750-8300 media@kkr.com Legal Disclosures This presentation has been prepared by KKR Co. Inc. solely for informational purposes for its public stockholders in connection with evaluating the business, operations and financial results of KKR Co. Inc. and its subsidiaries (collectively, KKR ), which includes The Global Atlantic Financial Group LLC and its subsidiaries (collectively, Global Atlantic or GA ), unless the context requires otherwise. This presentation is not, and shall not be construed, as an offer to purchase or sell, or the solicitation of an offer to purchase or sell any securities of KKR. This presentation may not be distributed, referenced, quoted or linked by website, in whole or in part, except as agreed to in writing by KKR Co. Inc. The statements contained in this presentation are made as of the date of this presentation, other than financial figures, which are as of March 31, 2024, unless another time is specified in relation to such statements or financial figures, and access to this presentation at any given time shall not give rise to any implication that there has been no change in the facts set forth in this presentation since such date. This presentation contains certain forward-looking statements pertaining to KKR, including with respect to the investment funds, and vehicles and accounts managed by KKR and the Global Atlantic insurance companies. Forward-looking statements relate to expectations, estimates, beliefs, projections, future plans and strategies, anticipated events or trends and similar expressions concerning matters that are not historical facts. You can identify these forward-looking statements by the use of words such as opportunity, outlook, believe, think, expect, feel, potential, continue, may, should, seek, approximately, predict, intend, will, plan, estimate, anticipate, visibility, positioned, path to, conviction, the negative version of these words, other comparable words or other statements that do not relate strictly to historical or factual matters. These forward-looking statements are based on KKR s beliefs, assumptions and expectations, but these beliefs, assumptions and expectations can change as a result of many possible events or factors, not all of which are known to KKR or within its control. Due to various risks and uncertainties, actual events or results may differ materially from those reflected or contemplated in such forward-looking statements. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. All forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this presentation. KKR does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect circumstances or events that occur after the date of this presentation except as required by law. Please see the Appendix for additional important information about forward-looking statements, including the assumptions and risks concerning projections and estimates of future performance. This presentation includes certain non-GAAP measures, including adjusted net income ( ANI ), total segment earnings, total investing earnings, total operating earnings ( TOE ), fee related earnings ( FRE ), strategic holdings operating earnings, and total asset management segment revenues. These non-GAAP measures are in addition to, and not a substitute for, measures of financial and operating performance prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. While we believe that providing these non-GAAP measures is helpful to investors in assessing the overall performance of KKR s business, they may not include all items that are significant to an investor s analysis of our financial results. Please see the Appendix for additional important information about the non-GAAP measures presented herein. Please see the Appendix for other important information. In addition, information about factors affecting KKR, includi

=== [ER] edgar_0001404912-24-000002_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 q423earningsrelease_vf.htm EX-99.1 q423earningsrelease_vf February 7, 2023 KKR Co. Inc. Reports Fourth Quarter 2023 Financial Results February 6, 2024 i Our business momentum continues. The fourth quarter had record Fee Related Earnings and was our most active fundraising and deployment quarter of 2023. In addition, in early January, we closed on the acquisition of the remaining stake of Global Atlantic, increasing our ownership to 100%. With three avenues for long-term sustained growth Asset Management, Insurance and Strategic Holdings we are well positioned for the years ahead. Conference Call A conference call to discuss KKR's financial results will be held on February 6, 2024 at 10:00 a.m. ET. The conference call may be accessed by dialing +1 (877) 407-0312 (U.S. callers) or +1 (201) 389-0899 (non-U.S. callers); a pass code is not required. Additionally, the conference call will be broadcast live over the Internet and may be accessed through the Investor Center section of KKR's website at https://ir.kkr.com/events- presentations/. A replay of the live broadcast will be available on KKR's website beginning approximately one hour after the live broadcast ends. About KKR KKR is a leading global investment firm that offers alternative asset management as well as capital markets and insurance solutions. KKR aims to generate attractive investment returns by following a patient and disciplined investment approach, employing world-class people, and supporting growth in its portfolio companies and communities. KKR sponsors investment funds that invest in private equity, credit and real assets and has strategic partners that manage hedge funds. KKR s insurance subsidiaries offer retirement, life and reinsurance products under the management of The Global Atlantic Financial Group. References to KKR s investments may include the activities of its sponsored funds and insurance subsidiaries. For additional information about KKR Co. Inc. (NYSE: KKR), please visit KKR's website at www.kkr.com. For additional information about Global Atlantic Financial Group, please visit Global Atlantic Financial Group's website at www.globalatlantic.com. New York, February 6, 2024 KKR Co. Inc. (NYSE: KKR) today reported its fourth quarter 2023 results. KKR Reports Fourth Quarter 2023 Financial Results Joseph Y. Bae and Scott C. Nuttall Co-Chief Executive Officers ii Legal Disclosures This presentation has been prepared by KKR Co. Inc. solely for informational purposes for its public stockholders in connection with evaluating the business, operations and financial results of KKR Co. Inc. and its subsidiaries (collectively, KKR ), which includes The Global Atlantic Financial Group LLC and its subsidiaries (collectively, Global Atlantic ) as of February 1, 2021. This presentation is not and shall not be construed as an offer to purchase or sell, or the solicitation of an offer to purchase or sell any securities of KKR Co. Inc. This presentation may not be distributed, referenced, quoted or linked by website, in whole or in part, except as agreed to in writing by KKR Co. Inc. The statements contained in this presentation are made as of the date of this presentation (other than financial figures, which are as of quarter end), unless another time is specified in relation to them, and access to this presentation at any given time shall not give rise to any implication that there has been no change in the facts set forth in this presentation since that date. This presentation contains certain forward-looking statements pertaining to KKR, including with respect to the investment funds, vehicles and accounts managed by KKR and the insurance companies managed by Global Atlantic. Forward-looking statements relate to expectations, estimates, beliefs, projections, future plans and strategies, anticipated events or trends and similar expressions concerning matters that are not historical facts. You can identify these forward-looking statements by the use of words such as outlook, believe, think, expect, potential, continue, may, should, seek, approximately, predict, intend, will, plan, estimate, anticipate, visibility on, the negative version of these words, other comparable words or other statements that do not relate strictly to historical or factual matters. These forward- looking statements are based on KKR s beliefs, assumptions and expectations, but these beliefs, assumptions and expectations can change as a result of many possible events or factors, not all of which are known to KKR or within its control. Due to various risks and uncertainties, actual events or results may differ materially from those reflected or contemplated in such forward-looking statements. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. All forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this presentation. KKR does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect circumstances or events that occur after the date of this presentation except as required by law. Please see the Appendix for additional important information about forward looking statements, including the assumptions and risks concerning projections and estimates of future performance. This presentation includes certain non-GAAP measures, including after-tax distributable earnings (or DE), fee related earnings (or FRE), and book value. These non-GAAP measures are in addition to, and not a substitute for, measures of financial and operating performance prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. While we believe that providing these non-GAAP measures is helpful to investors in assessing the overall performance of KKR s business, they may not include all items that are significant to an investor s analysis of our financial results. Please see the Appendix for additional important information about the non-GAAP measures presented herein and a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures to comparable GAAP measures. Please see the Appendix for other important information. In addition, information about factors affecting KKR, including a description of risks that should be considered when making a decision to purchase or sell any securities of KKR Co. Inc., can be found in KKR Co. Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, filed with the SEC on February 27, 2023 and its other filings with the SEC, which are available at www.sec.gov. From time to time, we may use our website as a channel of distribution of mate

=== [ER] edgar_0001404912-23-000022_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 q323earningsrelease_vf.htm EX-99.1 q323earningsrelease_vf KKR Co. Inc. Reports Third Quarter 2023 Financial Results November 7, 2023 i Conference Call A conference call to discuss KKR's financial results will be held on November 7, 2023 at 10:00 a.m. ET. The conference call may be accessed by dialing +1 (877) 407-0312 (U.S. callers) or +1 (201) 389-0899 (non-U.S. callers); a pass code is not required. Additionally, the conference call will be broadcast live over the Internet and may be accessed through the Investor Center section of KKR's website at https://ir.kkr.com/events- presentations/. A replay of the live broadcast will be available on KKR's website beginning approximately one hour after the live broadcast ends. About KKR KKR is a leading global investment firm that offers alternative asset management as well as capital markets and insurance solutions. KKR aims to generate attractive investment returns by following a patient and disciplined investment approach, employing world-class people, and supporting growth in its portfolio companies and communities. KKR sponsors investment funds that invest in private equity, credit and real assets and has strategic partners that manage hedge funds. KKR s insurance subsidiaries offer retirement, life and reinsurance products under the management of The Global Atlantic Financial Group. References to KKR s investments may include the activities of its sponsored funds and insurance subsidiaries. For additional information about KKR Co. Inc. (NYSE: KKR), please visit KKR's website at www.kkr.com. For additional information about Global Atlantic Financial Group, please visit Global Atlantic Financial Group's website at www.globalatlantic.com. New York, November 7, 2023 KKR Co. Inc. (NYSE: KKR) today reported its third quarter 2023 results. KKR Reports Third Quarter 2023 Financial Results Joseph Y. Bae and Scott C. Nuttall Co-Chief Executive Officers Our results demonstrate the durability, diversity and growth in our business. We are raising and deploying capital across all our businesses and regions. We have a mature global portfolio that is performing and providing monetization opportunities. And we have multiple ways to grow, leading to real momentum and optimism as we look to 2024 and beyond. ii Legal Disclosures This presentation has been prepared by KKR Co. Inc. solely for informational purposes for its public stockholders in connection with evaluating the business, operations and financial results of KKR Co. Inc. and its subsidiaries (collectively, KKR ), which includes The Global Atlantic Financial Group LLC and its subsidiaries (collectively, Global Atlantic ) as of February 1, 2021. This presentation is not and shall not be construed as an offer to purchase or sell, or the solicitation of an offer to purchase or sell any securities of KKR Co. Inc. This presentation may not be distributed, referenced, quoted or linked by website, in whole or in part, except as agreed to in writing by KKR Co. Inc. The statements contained in this presentation are made as of the date of this presentation (other than financial figures, which are as of quarter end), unless another time is specified in relation to them, and access to this presentation at any given time shall not give rise to any implication that there has been no change in the facts set forth in this presentation since that date. This presentation contains certain forward-looking statements pertaining to KKR, including with respect to the investment funds, vehicles and accounts managed by KKR and the insurance companies managed by Global Atlantic. Forward-looking statements relate to expectations, estimates, beliefs, projections, future plans and strategies, anticipated events or trends and similar expressions concerning matters that are not historical facts. You can identify these forward-looking statements by the use of words such as outlook, believe, think, expect, potential, continue, may, should, seek, approximately, predict, intend, will, plan, estimate, anticipate, visibility on, the negative version of these words, other comparable words or other statements that do not relate strictly to historical or factual matters. These forward- looking statements are based on KKR s beliefs, assumptions and expectations, but these beliefs, assumptions and expectations can change as a result of many possible events or factors, not all of which are known to KKR or within its control. Due to various risks and uncertainties, actual events or results may differ materially from those reflected or contemplated in such forward-looking statements. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. All forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this presentation. KKR does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect circumstances or events that occur after the date of this presentation except as required by law. Please see the Appendix for additional important information about forward looking statements, including the assumptions and risks concerning projections and estimates of future performance. This presentation includes certain non-GAAP measures, including after-tax distributable earnings (or DE), fee related earnings (or FRE), and book value. These non-GAAP measures are in addition to, and not a substitute for, measures of financial and operating performance prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. While we believe that providing these non-GAAP measures is helpful to investors in assessing the overall performance of KKR s business, they may not include all items that are significant to an investor s analysis of our financial results. Please see the Appendix for additional important information about the non-GAAP measures presented herein and a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures to comparable GAAP measures. Please see the Appendix for other important information. In addition, information about factors affecting KKR, including a description of risks that should be considered when making a decision to purchase or sell any securities of KKR Co. Inc., can be found in KKR Co. Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, filed with the SEC on February 27, 2023 and its other filings with the SEC, which are available at www.sec.gov. From time to time, we may use our website as a channel of distribution of material information. Financial and other material information regarding KKR is routinely posted on and a

=== [ER] edgar_0001404912-23-000017_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 q223earningsrelease_vf.htm EX-99.1 q223earningsrelease_vf KKR Co. Inc. Reports Second Quarter 2023 Financial Results August 7, 2023 i New York, August 7, 2023 KKR Co. Inc. (NYSE: KKR) today reported its second quarter 2023 results. Conference Call A conference call to discuss KKR's financial results will be held on August 7, 2023 at 10:00 a.m. ET. The conference call may be accessed by dialing +1 (877) 407-0312 (U.S. callers) or +1 (201) 389-0899 (non-U.S. callers); a pass code is not required. Additionally, the conference call will be broadcast live over the Internet and may be accessed through the Investor Center section of KKR's website at https://ir.kkr.com/events-presentations/. A replay of the live broadcast will be available on KKR's website beginning approximately one hour after the live broadcast. About KKR KKR is a leading global investment firm that offers alternative asset management as well as capital markets and insurance solutions. KKR aims to generate attractive investment returns by following a patient and disciplined investment approach, employing world-class people, and supporting growth in its portfolio companies and communities. KKR sponsors investment funds that invest in private equity, credit and real assets and has strategic partners that manage hedge funds. KKR s insurance subsidiaries offer retirement, life and reinsurance products under the management of The Global Atlantic Financial Group. References to KKR s investments may include the activities of its sponsored funds and insurance subsidiaries. For additional information about KKR Co. Inc. (NYSE: KKR), please visit KKR's website at www.kkr.com and on Twitter @KKR_Co. We delivered solid financial results in the second quarter against a market environment that remained challenging. Critically, we continued to execute on our growth initiatives including new product launches tailored to the Private Wealth channel as well as strategic activity at Global Atlantic. We remain confident these efforts will create significant value for shareholders for years to come. Joseph Y. Bae and Scott C. Nuttall Co-Chief Executive Officers KKR Reports Second Quarter 2023 Financial Results ii Legal Disclosures This presentation has been prepared by KKR Co. Inc. solely for informational purposes for its public stockholders in connection with evaluating the business, operations and financial results of KKR Co. Inc. and its subsidiaries (collectively, KKR ), which includes The Global Atlantic Financial Group LLC and its subsidiaries (collectively, Global Atlantic ) as of February 1, 2021. This presentation is not and shall not be construed as an offer to purchase or sell, or the solicitation of an offer to purchase or sell any securities of KKR Co. Inc. This presentation may not be distributed, referenced, quoted or linked by website, in whole or in part, except as agreed to in writing by KKR Co. Inc. The statements contained in this presentation are made as of the date of this presentation (other than financial figures, which are as of quarter end), unless another time is specified in relation to them, and access to this presentation at any given time shall not give rise to any implication that there has been no change in the facts set forth in this presentation since that date. This presentation contains certain forward-looking statements pertaining to KKR, including with respect to the investment funds, vehicles and accounts managed by KKR and the insurance companies managed by Global Atlantic. Forward-looking statements relate to expectations, estimates, beliefs, projections, future plans and strategies, anticipated events or trends and similar expressions concerning matters that are not historical facts. You can identify these forward-looking statements by the use of words such as outlook, believe, think, expect, potential, continue, may, should, seek, approximately, predict, intend, will, plan, estimate, anticipate, the negative version of these words, other comparable words or other statements that do not relate strictly to historical or factual matters. These forward-looking statements are based on KKR s beliefs, assumptions and expectations, but these beliefs, assumptions and expectations can change as a result of many possible events or factors, not all of which are known to KKR or within its control. Due to various risks and uncertainties, actual events or results may differ materially from those reflected or contemplated in such forward-looking statements. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. All forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this presentation. KKR does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect circumstances or events that occur after the date of this presentation except as required by law. Please see the Appendix for additional important information about forward looking statements, including the assumptions and risks concerning projections and estimates of future performance. This presentation includes certain non-GAAP measures, including after-tax distributable earnings (or DE), fee related earnings (or FRE), book value. These non-GAAP measures are in addition to, and not a substitute for, measures of financial and operating performance prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. While we believe that providing these non-GAAP measures is helpful to investors in assessing the overall performance of KKR s business, they may not include all items that are significant to an investor s analysis of our financial results. Please see the Appendix for additional important information about the non- GAAP measures presented herein and a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures to comparable GAAP measures. Please see the Appendix for other important information. In addition, information about factors affecting KKR, including a description of risks that should be considered when making a decision to purchase or sell any securities of KKR Co. Inc., can be found in KKR Co. Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, filed with the SEC on February 27, 2023 and its other filings with the SEC, which are available at www.sec.gov. From time to time, we may use our website as a channel of distribution of material information. Financial and other material information regarding KKR is routinely posted on and accessible at www.kkr.com. Financial and other material information regarding Global Atlantic is routinely pos

=== [ER] edgar_0001404912-23-000011_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 q123earningsrelease_vf.htm EX-99.1 q123earningsrelease_vf KKR Co. Inc. Reports First Quarter 2023 Financial Results May 8, 2023 i New York, May 8, 2023 KKR Co. Inc. (NYSE: KKR) today reported its first quarter 2023 results. Conference Call A conference call to discuss KKR's financial results will be held on May 8, 2023 at 12:00 p.m. ET. The conference call may be accessed by dialing +1 (877) 407-0312 (U.S. callers) or +1 (201) 389-0899 (non-U.S. callers); a pass code is not required. Additionally, the conference call will be broadcast live over the Internet and may be accessed through the Investor Center section of KKR's website at https://ir.kkr.com/events-presentations/. A replay of the live broadcast will be available on KKR's website beginning approximately one hour after the live broadcast ends. About KKR KKR is a leading global investment firm that offers alternative asset management as well as capital markets and insurance solutions. KKR aims to generate attractive investment returns by following a patient and disciplined investment approach, employing world-class people, and supporting growth in its portfolio companies and communities. KKR sponsors investment funds that invest in private equity, credit and real assets and has strategic partners that manage hedge funds. KKR s insurance subsidiaries offer retirement, life and reinsurance products under the management of The Global Atlantic Financial Group. References to KKR s investments may include the activities of its sponsored funds and insurance subsidiaries. For additional information about KKR Co. Inc. (NYSE: KKR), please visit KKR's website at www.kkr.com and on Twitter @KKR_Co. Against a dynamic macroeconomic and market backdrop, our first quarter financial results proved resilient reflecting the breadth and strength of our firm. Over the last 12 months, 95% of the new capital entrusted to us has been outside of our traditional private equity funds reflecting our continued diversification. In our experience, volatility creates opportunity with over $100 billion of dry powder ready to deploy on behalf of our clients globally, we remain very well positioned. Joseph Y. Bae and Scott C. Nuttall Co-Chief Executive Officers KKR Reports First Quarter 2023 Financial Results ii Legal Disclosures This presentation has been prepared by KKR Co. Inc. solely for informational purposes for its public stockholders in connection with evaluating the business, operations and financial results of KKR Co. Inc. and its subsidiaries (collectively, KKR ), which includes The Global Atlantic Financial Group LLC and its subsidiaries (collectively, Global Atlantic ) as of May 8, 2023. This presentation is not and shall not be construed as an offer to purchase or sell, or the solicitation of an offer to purchase or sell any securities of KKR Co. Inc. This presentation may not be distributed, referenced, quoted or linked by website, in whole or in part, except as agreed to in writing by KKR Co. Inc. The statements contained in this presentation are made as of the date of this presentation (other than financial figures, which are as of quarter end), unless another time is specified in relation to them, and access to this presentation at any given time shall not give rise to any implication that there has been no change in the facts set forth in this presentation since that date. This presentation contains certain forward-looking statements pertaining to KKR, including with respect to the investment funds, vehicles and accounts managed by KKR and the insurance companies managed by Global Atlantic. Forward-looking statements relate to expectations, estimates, beliefs, projections, future plans and strategies, anticipated events or trends and similar expressions concerning matters that are not historical facts. You can identify these forward-looking statements by the use of words such as outlook, believe, think, expect, potential, continue, may, should, seek, approximately, predict, intend, will, plan, estimate, anticipate, the negative version of these words, other comparable words or other statements that do not relate strictly to historical or factual matters. These forward-looking statements are based on KKR s beliefs, assumptions and expectations, but these beliefs, assumptions and expectations can change as a result of many possible events or factors, not all of which are known to KKR or within its control. Due to various risks and uncertainties, actual events or results may differ materially from those reflected or contemplated in such forward-looking statements. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. All forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this presentation. KKR does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect circumstances or events that occur after the date of this presentation except as required by law. Please see the Appendix for additional important information about forward looking statements, including the assumptions and risks concerning projections and estimates of future performance. This presentation includes certain non-GAAP measures, including after-tax distributable earnings (or DE), fee related earnings (or FRE), book value. These non-GAAP measures are in addition to, and not a substitute for, measures of financial and operating performance prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. While we believe that providing these non-GAAP measures is helpful to investors in assessing the overall performance of KKR s business, they may not include all items that are significant to an investor s analysis of our financial results. Please see the Appendix for additional important information about the non- GAAP measures presented herein and a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures to comparable GAAP measures. Please see the Appendix for other important information. In addition, information about factors affecting KKR, including a description of risks that should be considered when making a decision to purchase or sell any securities of KKR Co. Inc., can be found in KKR Co. Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, filed with the SEC on February 27, 2023 and its other filings with the SEC, which are available at www.sec.gov. Contact Information Investor Relations Craig Larson Phone: +1 (877) 610-4910 in U.S. / +1 (212) 230-9410 investor-relations@kkr.com Media Kristi Huller Phone: +1 (212) 750-8300 media@kkr.com KKR Reports First 

=== [ER] edgar_0001404912-23-000002_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 q422earningsrelease_vf.htm EX-99.1 q422earningsrelease_vf KKR Co. Inc. Reports Fourth Quarter 2022 Financial Results February 7, 2023 i New York, February 7, 2023 KKR Co. Inc. (NYSE: KKR) today reported its fourth quarter 2022 results. Conference Call A conference call to discuss KKR's financial results will be held on February 7, 2023 at 10:00 a.m. ET. The conference call may be accessed by dialing +1 (877) 407-0312 (U.S. callers) or +1 (201) 389-0899 (non-U.S. callers); a pass code is not required. Additionally, the conference call will be broadcast live over the Internet and may be accessed through the Investor Center section of KKR's website at https://ir.kkr.com/events-presentations/. A replay of the live broadcast will be available on KKR's website beginning approximately one hour after the live broadcast ends. About KKR KKR is a leading global investment firm that offers alternative asset management as well as capital markets and insurance solutions. KKR aims to generate attractive investment returns by following a patient and disciplined investment approach, employing world-class people, and supporting growth in its portfolio companies and communities. KKR sponsors investment funds that invest in private equity, credit and real assets and has strategic partners that manage hedge funds. KKR s insurance subsidiaries offer retirement, life and reinsurance products under the management of The Global Atlantic Financial Group. References to KKR s investments may include the activities of its sponsored funds and insurance subsidiaries. For additional information about KKR Co. Inc. (NYSE: KKR), please visit KKR's website at www.kkr.com and on Twitter @KKR_Co. 2022 was another productive year for KKR. On the back of strong investment performance, we had our second best fundraising year ever helping double our AUM over the last two years to $500 billion. We continue to innovate and diversify with over 50% of capital raised last year in strategies that did not exist 5 years ago. We feel incredibly well positioned for this environment with over $100 billion of dry powder ready to deploy. We have never been more confident in our team, our strategy, and our growth prospects. Joseph Y. Bae and Scott C. Nuttall Co-Chief Executive Officers KKR Reports Fourth Quarter 2022 Financial Results ii Legal Disclosures This presentation has been prepared by KKR Co. Inc. solely for informational purposes for its public stockholders in connection with evaluating the business, operations and financial results of KKR Co. Inc. and its subsidiaries (collectively, KKR ), which includes The Global Atlantic Financial Group LLC and its subsidiaries (collectively, Global Atlantic ) as of February 1, 2021. This presentation is not and shall not be construed as an offer to purchase or sell, or the solicitation of an offer to purchase or sell any securities of KKR Co. Inc. This presentation may not be distributed, referenced, quoted or linked by website, in whole or in part, except as agreed to in writing by KKR Co. Inc. The statements contained in this presentation are made as of the date of this presentation (other than financial figures, which are as of quarter end), unless another time is specified in relation to them, and access to this presentation at any given time shall not give rise to any implication that there has been no change in the facts set forth in this presentation since that date. This presentation contains certain forward-looking statements pertaining to KKR, including with respect to the investment funds, vehicles and accounts managed by KKR and the insurance companies managed by Global Atlantic. Forward-looking statements relate to expectations, estimates, beliefs, projections, future plans and strategies, anticipated events or trends and similar expressions concerning matters that are not historical facts. You can identify these forward-looking statements by the use of words such as outlook, believe, think, expect, potential, continue, may, should, seek, approximately, predict, intend, will, plan, estimate, anticipate, the negative version of these words, other comparable words or other statements that do not relate strictly to historical or factual matters. These forward-looking statements are based on KKR s beliefs, assumptions and expectations, but these beliefs, assumptions and expectations can change as a result of many possible events or factors, not all of which are known to KKR or within its control. Due to various risks and uncertainties, actual events or results may differ materially from those reflected or contemplated in such forward-looking statements. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. All forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this presentation. KKR does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect circumstances or events that occur after the date of this presentation except as required by law. Please see the Appendix for additional important information about forward looking statements, including the assumptions and risks concerning projections and estimates of future performance. This presentation includes certain non-GAAP and other operating and performance measures, including after-tax distributable earnings (or DE), fee related earnings (or FRE), book value, adjusted shares, and assets under management (or AUM). These non-GAAP measures are in addition to, and not a substitute for, measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. While we believe that providing these non-GAAP measures is helpful to investors in assessing the overall performance of KKR s business, they may not include all items that are significant to an investor s analysis of our financial results. Please see the Appendix for additional important information about the non-GAAP and other operating and performance measures presented herein and a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures to comparable GAAP measures. Please see the Appendix for other important information. In addition, information about factors affecting KKR, including a description of risks that should be considered when making a decision to purchase or sell any securities of KKR Co. Inc., can be found in KKR Co. Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, filed with the SEC on February 28, 2022 and its other filings with the SEC, which are available at www.sec.gov. Contact Information Investor Relations Cra

=== [ER] edgar_0001404912-22-000017_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 q322earningsrelease_vf.htm EX-99.1 q322earningsrelease_vf KKR Co. Inc. Reports Third Quarter 2022 Financial Results November 1, 2022 i New York, November 1, 2022 KKR Co. Inc. (NYSE: KKR) today reported its third quarter 2022 results. Conference Call A conference call to discuss KKR's financial results will be held on November 1, 2022 at 10:00 a.m. ET. The conference call may be accessed by dialing +1 (877) 407-0312 (U.S. callers) or +1 (201) 389-0899 (non-U.S. callers); a pass code is not required. Additionally, the conference call will be broadcast live over the Internet and may be accessed through the Investor Center section of KKR's website at https://ir.kkr.com/events-presentations/. A replay of the live broadcast will be available on KKR's website beginning approximately one hour after the live broadcast ends. About KKR KKR is a leading global investment firm that offers alternative asset management as well as capital markets and insurance solutions. KKR aims to generate attractive investment returns by following a patient and disciplined investment approach, employing world-class people, and supporting growth in its portfolio companies and communities. KKR sponsors investment funds that invest in private equity, credit and real assets and has strategic partners that manage hedge funds. KKR s insurance subsidiaries offer retirement, life and reinsurance products under the management of The Global Atlantic Financial Group. References to KKR s investments may include the activities of its sponsored funds and insurance subsidiaries. For additional information about KKR Co. Inc. (NYSE: KKR), please visit KKR's website at www.kkr.com and on Twitter @KKR_Co. KKR's third quarter and year-to-date results demonstrate the strength and resiliency of our business model. We continue to build and diversify, with AUM more than doubling over the last two years and Real Assets AUM more than tripling to $118 billion. In our experience, market dislocations create investment opportunity, and with $113 billion of dry powder, we are very well positioned. Joseph Y. Bae and Scott C. Nuttall Co-Chief Executive Officers KKR Reports Third Quarter 2022 Financial Results ii Legal Disclosures This presentation has been prepared by KKR Co. Inc. solely for informational purposes for its public stockholders in connection with evaluating the business, operations and financial results of KKR Co. Inc. and its subsidiaries (collectively, KKR ), which includes The Global Atlantic Financial Group LLC and its subsidiaries (collectively, Global Atlantic ) as of February 1, 2021. This presentation is not and shall not be construed as an offer to purchase or sell, or the solicitation of an offer to purchase or sell any securities of KKR Co. Inc. This presentation may not be distributed, referenced, quoted or linked by website, in whole or in part, except as agreed to in writing by KKR Co. Inc. The statements contained in this presentation are made as of the date of this presentation (other than financial figures, which are as of quarter end), unless another time is specified in relation to them, and access to this presentation at any given time shall not give rise to any implication that there has been no change in the facts set forth in this presentation since that date. This presentation contains certain forward-looking statements pertaining to KKR, including with respect to the investment funds, vehicles and accounts managed by KKR and the insurance companies managed by Global Atlantic. Forward-looking statements relate to expectations, estimates, beliefs, projections, future plans and strategies, anticipated events or trends and similar expressions concerning matters that are not historical facts. You can identify these forward-looking statements by the use of words such as outlook, believe, think, expect, potential, continue, may, should, seek, approximately, predict, intend, will, plan, estimate, anticipate, the negative version of these words, other comparable words or other statements that do not relate strictly to historical or factual matters. These forward-looking statements are based on KKR s beliefs, assumptions and expectations, but these beliefs, assumptions and expectations can change as a result of many possible events or factors, not all of which are known to KKR or within its control. Due to various risks and uncertainties, actual events or results may differ materially from those reflected or contemplated in such forward-looking statements. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. All forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this presentation. KKR does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect circumstances or events that occur after the date of this presentation except as required by law. Please see the Appendix for additional important information about forward looking statements, including the assumptions and risks concerning projections and estimates of future performance. This presentation includes certain non-GAAP and other operating and performance measures, including after-tax distributable earnings (or DE), fee related earnings (or FRE), book value, adjusted shares, and assets under management (or AUM). These non-GAAP measures are in addition to, and not a substitute for, measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. While we believe that providing these non-GAAP measures is helpful to investors in assessing the overall performance of KKR s business, they may not include all items that are significant to an investor s analysis of our financial results. Please see the Appendix for additional important information about the non-GAAP and other operating and performance measures presented herein and a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures to comparable GAAP measures. Please see the Appendix for other important information. In addition, information about factors affecting KKR, including a description of risks that should be considered when making a decision to purchase or sell any securities of KKR Co. Inc., can be found in KKR Co. Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, filed with the SEC on February 28, 2022 and its other filings with the SEC, which are available at www.sec.gov. Contact Information Investor Relations Craig Larson Phone: +1 (877) 610-4910 in U.S. / +1 (212) 230-9410 investor-relations@kkr.com Media Kristi Huller Phone: +1 (212) 750-8300 

=== [ER] edgar_0001404912-22-000012_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 q222earningsrelease_vf.htm EX-99.1 q222earningsrelease_vf KKR Co. Inc. Reports Second Quarter 2022 Financial Results August 2, 2022 i New York, August 2, 2022 KKR Co. Inc. (NYSE: KKR) today reported its second quarter 2022 results. Conference Call A conference call to discuss KKR's financial results will be held on August 2, 2022 at 10:00 a.m. ET. The conference call may be accessed by dialing +1 (877) 407-0312 (U.S. callers) or +1 (201) 389-0899 (non-U.S. callers); a pass code is not required. Additionally, the conference call will be broadcast live over the Internet and may be accessed through the Investor Center section of KKR's website at https://ir.kkr.com/events-presentations/. A replay of the live broadcast will be available on KKR's website beginning approximately one hour after the live broadcast ends. About KKR KKR is a leading global investment firm that offers alternative asset management as well as capital markets and insurance solutions. KKR aims to generate attractive investment returns by following a patient and disciplined investment approach, employing world-class people, and supporting growth in its portfolio companies and communities. KKR sponsors investment funds that invest in private equity, credit and real assets and has strategic partners that manage hedge funds. KKR s insurance subsidiaries offer retirement, life and reinsurance products under the management of The Global Atlantic Financial Group. References to KKR s investments may include the activities of its sponsored funds and insurance subsidiaries. For additional information about KKR Co. Inc. (NYSE: KKR), please visit KKR's website at www.kkr.com and on Twitter @KKR_Co. Our business momentum continues we raised $25 billion of new capital in the second quarter and $52 billion in the first half. We also continue to grow and diversify Real Assets AUM has increased over 50% to $114 billion over the last 12 months. With solid business fundamentals and a record $115 billion of dry powder, we continue to be well positioned against a complex backdrop. Joseph Y. Bae and Scott C. Nuttall Co-Chief Executive Officers KKR Reports Second Quarter 2022 Financial Results ii Legal Disclosures This presentation has been prepared by KKR Co. Inc. solely for informational purposes for its public stockholders in connection with evaluating the business, operations and financial results of KKR Co. Inc. and its subsidiaries (collectively, KKR ), which includes The Global Atlantic Financial Group LLC and its subsidiaries (collectively, Global Atlantic ) as of February 1, 2021. This presentation is not and shall not be construed as an offer to purchase or sell, or the solicitation of an offer to purchase or sell any securities of KKR Co. Inc. This presentation may not be distributed, referenced, quoted or linked by website, in whole or in part, except as agreed to in writing by KKR Co. Inc. The statements contained in this presentation are made as of the date of this presentation (other than financial figures, which are as of quarter end), unless another time is specified in relation to them, and access to this presentation at any given time shall not give rise to any implication that there has been no change in the facts set forth in this presentation since that date. This presentation contains certain forward-looking statements pertaining to KKR, including with respect to the investment funds, vehicles and accounts managed by KKR and the insurance companies managed by Global Atlantic. Forward-looking statements relate to expectations, estimates, beliefs, projections, future plans and strategies, anticipated events or trends and similar expressions concerning matters that are not historical facts. You can identify these forward-looking statements by the use of words such as outlook, believe, think, expect, potential, continue, may, should, seek, approximately, predict, intend, will, plan, estimate, anticipate, the negative version of these words, other comparable words or other statements that do not relate strictly to historical or factual matters. These forward-looking statements are based on KKR s beliefs, assumptions and expectations, but these beliefs, assumptions and expectations can change as a result of many possible events or factors, not all of which are known to KKR or within its control. Due to various risks and uncertainties, actual events or results may differ materially from those reflected or contemplated in such forward-looking statements. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. All forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this presentation. KKR does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect circumstances or events that occur after the date of this presentation except as required by law. Please see the Appendix for additional important information about forward looking statements, including the assumptions and risks concerning projections and estimates of future performance. This presentation includes certain non-GAAP and other operating and performance measures, including after-tax distributable earnings (or DE), fee related earnings (or FRE), book value, adjusted shares, and assets under management (or AUM). These non-GAAP measures are in addition to, and not a substitute for, measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. While we believe that providing these non-GAAP measures is helpful to investors in assessing the overall performance of KKR s business, they may not include all items that are significant to an investor s analysis of our financial results. Please see the Appendix for additional important information about the non-GAAP and other operating and performance measures presented herein and a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures to comparable GAAP measures. Please see the Appendix for other important information. In addition, information about factors affecting KKR, including a description of risks that should be considered when making a decision to purchase or sell any securities of KKR Co. Inc., can be found in KKR Co. Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, filed with the SEC on February 28, 2022 and its other filings with the SEC, which are available at www.sec.gov. Contact Information Investor Relations Craig Larson Phone: +1 (877) 610-4910 in U.S. / +1 (212) 230-9410 investor-relations@kkr.com Media Kristi Huller Phone: +1 (212) 750-8300 media@kkr.

=== [ER] edgar_0001404912-22-000007_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 q122earningsrelease_vf.htm EX-99.1 q122earningsrelease_vf KKR Co. Inc. Reports First Quarter 2022 Financial Results May 3, 2022 i New York, May 3, 2022 KKR Co. Inc. (NYSE: KKR) today reported its first quarter 2022 results. Conference Call A conference call to discuss KKR's financial results will be held on May 3, 2022 at 10:00 a.m. ET. The conference call may be accessed by dialing +1 (877) 407-0312 (U.S. callers) or +1 (201) 389-0899 (non-U.S. callers); a pass code is not required. Additionally, the conference call will be broadcast live over the Internet and may be accessed through the Investor Center section of KKR's website at https://ir.kkr.com/events-presentations/. A replay of the live broadcast will be available on KKR's website beginning approximately one hour after the live broadcast ends. About KKR KKR is a leading global investment firm that offers alternative asset management as well as capital markets and insurance solutions. KKR aims to generate attractive investment returns by following a patient and disciplined investment approach, employing world-class people, and supporting growth in its portfolio companies and communities. KKR sponsors investment funds that invest in private equity, credit and real assets and has strategic partners that manage hedge funds. KKR s insurance subsidiaries offer retirement, life and reinsurance products under the management of The Global Atlantic Financial Group. References to KKR s investments may include the activities of its sponsored funds and insurance subsidiaries. For additional information about KKR Co. Inc. (NYSE: KKR), please visit KKR's website at www.kkr.com and on Twitter @KKR_Co. Our results for the first quarter demonstrate the strength and durability of KKR s business model. Fee Related Earnings per share are as high as we have ever reported alongside strong year-over-year growth across our other financial and operating metrics. Additionally, our limited partners entrusted us with $26 billion of new capital in the quarter, and $132 billion over the last 12 months, with Assets Under Management rising 30% on an organic basis over the last year to $479 billion. We continue to see strong fundamentals and momentum for our business. Joseph Y. Bae and Scott C. Nuttall Co-Chief Executive Officers KKR Reports First Quarter 2022 Financial Results ii Legal Disclosures This presentation has been prepared by KKR Co. Inc. solely for informational purposes for its public stockholders in connection with evaluating the business, operations and financial results of KKR Co. Inc. and its subsidiaries (collectively, KKR ), which includes The Global Atlantic Financial Group LLC and its subsidiaries (collectively, Global Atlantic ) as of February 1, 2021. This presentation is not and shall not be construed as an offer to purchase or sell, or the solicitation of an offer to purchase or sell any securities of KKR Co. Inc. This presentation may not be distributed, referenced, quoted or linked by website, in whole or in part, except as agreed to in writing by KKR Co. Inc. The statements contained in this presentation are made as of the date of this presentation (other than financial figures, which are as of quarter end), unless another time is specified in relation to them, and access to this presentation at any given time shall not give rise to any implication that there has been no change in the facts set forth in this presentation since that date. This presentation contains certain forward-looking statements pertaining to KKR, including with respect to the investment funds, vehicles and accounts managed by KKR and the insurance companies managed by Global Atlantic. Forward-looking statements relate to expectations, estimates, beliefs, projections, future plans and strategies, anticipated events or trends and similar expressions concerning matters that are not historical facts. You can identify these forward-looking statements by the use of words such as outlook, believe, think, expect, potential, continue, may, should, seek, approximately, predict, intend, will, plan, estimate, anticipate, the negative version of these words, other comparable words or other statements that do not relate strictly to historical or factual matters. These forward-looking statements are based on KKR s beliefs, assumptions and expectations, but these beliefs, assumptions and expectations can change as a result of many possible events or factors, not all of which are known to KKR or within its control. Due to various risks and uncertainties, actual events or results may differ materially from those reflected or contemplated in such forward-looking statements. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. All forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this presentation. KKR does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect circumstances or events that occur after the date of this presentation except as required by law. Please see the Appendix for additional important information about forward looking statements, including the assumptions and risks concerning projections and e