=== MRNA_2026-03-16.htm.gz ===
mrna-20260316 0001682852 DEF 14A FALSE iso4217:USD 0001682852 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001682852 2021-01-01 2025-12-31 0001682852 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0001682852 2021-01-01 2024-12-31 0001682852 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001682852 2021-01-01 2023-12-31 0001682852 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001682852 2021-01-01 2022-12-31 0001682852 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0001682852 mrna:DeductionForAmountsReportedUnderTheStockAwardsAndOptionAwardsColumnsOfTheSummaryCompensationTableMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001682852 mrna:DeductionForAmountsReportedUnderTheStockAwardsAndOptionAwardsColumnsOfTheSummaryCompensationTableMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001682852 mrna:IncreaseDecreaseForTheInclusionOfRule402vEquityValuesMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001682852 mrna:IncreaseDecreaseForTheInclusionOfRule402vEquityValuesMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001682852 mrna:YearEndFairValueOfEquityAwardsGrantedDuringYearThatRemainedUnvestedAsOfLastDayOfYearMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001682852 mrna:YearEndFairValueOfEquityAwardsGrantedDuringYearThatRemainedUnvestedAsOfLastDayOfYearMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001682852 mrna:ChangeInFairValueFromLastDayOfPriorYearToLastDayOfYearOfUnvestedEquityAwardsMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001682852 mrna:ChangeInFairValueFromLastDayOfPriorYearToLastDayOfYearOfUnvestedEquityAwardsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001682852 mrna:FairValueAtVestingOfEquityAwardsGrantedAndVestedInTheFiscalYearMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001682852 mrna:FairValueAtVestingOfEquityAwardsGrantedAndVestedInTheFiscalYearMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001682852 mrna:ChangeInFairValueOfPriorYearsEquityAwardsThatVestedDuringTheYearMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001682852 mrna:ChangeInFairValueOfPriorYearsEquityAwardsThatVestedDuringTheYearMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001682852 mrna:ChangeInFairValueOfPriorYearsEquityAwardsThatForfeitedDuringTheYearMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001682852 mrna:ChangeInFairValueOfPriorYearsEquityAwardsThatForfeitedDuringTheYearMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001682852 1 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001682852 2 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001682852 3 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a party other than the Registrant CHECK THE APPROPRIATE BOX: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material under 240.14a-12 MODERNA, INC. (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) PAYMENT OF FILING FEE (CHECK ALL BOXES THAT APPLY): No fee required Fee paid previously with preliminary materials Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11 Table of Contents Proxy Summary 3 PROPOSAL 1 11 Election of Directors Governance 16 Director Compensation 30 Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions 33 Corporate Responsibility 34 Management 36 PROPOSAL 2 38 Non-binding Advisory Vote to Approve the Compensation of Our Named Executive Officers Letter from the Compensation and Talent Committee 39 Executive Compensation 42 Compensation and Talent Committee Report 77 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 78 PROPOSAL 3 80 N on-binding A dvisory V ote on the F requency of F uture N on- B inding A dvisory V otes to A pprove Executive C ompensation PROPOSAL 4 81 Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Audit Committee Report 83 Information About the 202 6 Annual Meeting of Shareholders 84 2026 Proxy statement Moderna 1 Notice of Annual Meeting of Shareholders Date: Wednesday, May 6, 2026 Time: 8:00 a.m., Eastern Time Live Audio Webcast at: www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/MRNA2026 Record Date: March 9, 2026 How to Vote Review your proxy statement and vote in one of three ways: Internet www.proxyvote.com Telephone 1-800-690-6903 Mail Complete, sign, date, and return your proxy card or voting instruction form YOUR VOTE IS IMPORTANT Even if you plan to participate in the Annual Meeting, we urge you to submit your proxy in advance to ensure your shares are represented. This will not affect your right to participate in the meeting and to vote your shares at that time. For additional information on voting and participating in the meeting, please see Information About the 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders beginning on page 84 . To the Shareholders of Moderna, Inc.: You are cordially invited to the Annual Meeting of Shareholders of Moderna, Inc., which will be held on Wednesday, May 6, 2026, beginning at 8:00 a.m., Eastern Time (the Annual Meeting), for the following purposes: PROPOSAL 1 To elect two Class II directors, each to serve for a three-year term expiring at the 2029 annual meeting of shareholders; PROPOSAL 2 To approve, on a non-binding, advisory basis, the compensation of our named executive officers; PROPOSAL 3 To approve, on a non-binding, advisory basis, the frequency of future non-binding advisory votes to approve the compensation of our named executive officers; PROPOSAL 4 To ratify the appointment of Ernst Young LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for the year ending December 31, 2026; and PROPOSAL 5 To transact such other business as may be properly brought before the Annual Meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof. The Annual Meeting will be conducted virtually. You will be able to participate in the Annual Meeting online and submit your questions during the meeting by visiting www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/MRNA2026 . You also will be able to vote your shares electronically during the Annual Meeting. For more information about our virtual Annual Meeting, please see Information About the 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders beginning on page 84 . Our Board of Directors has fixed the close of business on March 9, 2026 as the Record Date for determining the shareholders that are entitled to notice of and to vote at the Annual Meeting and any adjournment or postponement thereof. This proxy statement and our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025, are first being mailed on or about March 16, 2026, to all shareholders entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting. These materials also are available at www.proxyvote.com , using the control number provided with your materials. By order of the Board of Directors, St phane Bancel Chief Executive Officer and Director Cambridge, Massachusetts March 16, 2026 2 Moderna 2026 Proxy statement Proxy Summary This summary highlights certain information from this Proxy Statement, but does not contain all the information that you should consider. Please read the entire Proxy Statement before voting your shares. For more complete information regarding Moderna s 2025 performance, please review our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025, including the sections captioned Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors, for a description of the substantial risks and uncertainties related to the forward-looking statements included herein. When Wednesday, May 6, 2026, at 8:00 a.m., Eastern time. Where The meeting will be held virtually at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/MRNA2026 Record Date March 9, 2026 Meeting Agenda The matters we will act upon at the Annual Meeting are: PROPOSAL 1 Elect two Class II directors, each for a three-year term FOR all nominees see page 11 PROPOSAL 2 Approve, on a non-binding, advisory basis, the compensation of our named executive officers FOR see page 38 PROPOSAL 3 Approve, on a non-binding, advisory basis, the frequency of future non-binding advisory votes to approve the compensation of our named executive officers ONE-YEAR see page 80 PROPOSAL 4 Ratify the appointment of Ernst Young LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for 2026 FOR see page 80 2026 Proxy statement Moderna 3 Proxy Summary Our Mission To deliver the greatest possible impact to people through mRNA medicines. About Moderna Moderna is a pioneer and leader in the field of mRNA medicine. Through the advancement of its technology platform, Moderna is reimagining how medicines are made to transform how we treat and prevent diseases. Since its founding, Moderna s mRNA platform has enabled the development of vaccines and therapeutics across infectious diseases, cancer, rare diseases and more. With a global team and unique culture, driven by the company s values and mindsets, Moderna s mission is to deliver the greatest possible impact to people through mRNA medicines. 2025 Performance $1.9 billion in total revenue. $2.2 billion in annual cost savings, representing a reduction from 2024 of 30%. 3 regulatory approvals and two products filed for approval across our infectious disease vaccine franchise. $8.1 billion in cash, cash equivalents and investments as of December 31, 2025. 8 Phase 2 and 3 trials underway in oncology for intismeran autogene (mRNA-4157) in collaboration with Merck, across multiple tumor types. 3 international manufacturing sites in the UK, Canada and Australia to enable local access to mRNA medicines and drive revenue diversification. Our Strategic Priorities Deliver sales growth Our commercial growth drivers include geographic expansion and new product launches. In 2026, we expect to drive revenue growth from the annualized impact of our long-term strategic partnerships in the UK, Canada and Australia, as well as continued strong uptake of mNEXSPIKE in the U.S. In addition, we expect multiple growth opportunities in 2027 and 2028. Deliver cost efficiency across the business Throughout 2025, we maintained disciplined cost management, improving productivity across manufacturing, R D and SG A. We expect to further reduce costs in 2026 and 2027. We plan to leverage our global production network, AI and digital tools to improve cost efficiency. Execute on our prioritized pipeline We anticipate pivotal trial data readouts in 2026 across our oncology, rare disease and infectious disease portfolios. We expect to launch several new infectious disease products over the next few years (flu, flu + COVID combination and Norovirus), which would expand our infectious disease vaccine franchise to as many as six approved products. We expect to invest the cash generated from these products into oncology and rare disease therapeutics. Continue to advance our early pipeline and platform technology We continue to advance our early-stage pipeline. This includes our early-stage oncology programs, which expand our oncology portfolio across cancer antigen therapies, T-cell engagers and cell-therapy enhancers, as well as multiple early-stage vaccine programs. 4 Moderna 2026 Proxy statement Proxy Summary PROPOSAL 1 The Board of Directors recommends a vote FOR the election of each of the two nominees as a Class II director to serve for a three-year term. For more information on the nominees, see page 11 . Director Nominees At the Annual Meeting, two Class II directors will be elected, each for a three-year term. The Class II directors up for election are set forth below. Paul Sagan, a Class II director, has not been nominated for re-election at the Annual Meeting and, as a result, his term as a director will end at the Annual Meeting. Committees* Name Age Director Since Principal Occupation Other Public Boards A CT NCG PT Class II directors nominated for re-election for a three-year term Sandra Horning, M.D. INDEPENDENT 77 2020 Former Chief Medical Officer and Global Head of Product Development, Roche 3 Abbas Hussain INDEPENDENT 61 2024 Former CEO, Vifor Pharma; Former Global President, Pharmaceuticals and Vaccines, GSK 0 Continuing directors Noubar Afeyan, Ph.D. Chairman INDEPENDENT 63 2010 Chairman since 2012 CEO, Flagship Pioneering; Co-founder and Chairman, Moderna 1 St phane Bancel 53 2011 CEO, Moderna 1 Elizabeth Nabel, M.D. INDEPENDENT 74 2015** Former President, Brigham Health 2 Fran ois Nader, M.D. INDEPENDENT 69 2019 Former President, CEO and Executive Director, NPS Pharmaceuticals 1 David Rubenstein INDEPENDENT 76 2024 Co-Founder and Co-Chair, The Carlyle Group 1 Elizabeth Tallett INDEPENDENT 76 2020 Former Principal, Hunter Partners 1 Chari * A Audit NCG Nominating and Corporate Governance PT Product and Technology Member CT Compensation and Talent ** Dr. Nabel was a member of our Board from December 2015 to July 2020, and rejoined the Board in March 2021, following her retirement from Brigham Health. 2026 Proxy statement Moderna 5 Proxy Summary 2025 Board Overview 9 directors 3 are women 4 Standing Committees* 5 have advanced degrees in a scientific field 8 are independent 5 meetings in 2025 99% board attendance * Audit Committee, Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, Compensation and Talent Committee, and Product and Technology Committee Skills and Experience Our directors represent a diverse range of skills and experience CEO Experience 8 /9 Healthcare Industry 8 /9 Commercialization 5 /9 Human Capital Management 8 /9 Digital/Cyber/AI 5 /9 International Experience 8 /9 Drug Development 6 /9 Investor Experience 7 /9 Finance/Accounting 8 /9 Manufacturing/Supply Chain 4 /9 Government/Regulatory 7 /9 Science/Technology/R D 6 /9 Age Tenure 6 Moderna 2026 Proxy statement Proxy Summary 2025 Board Highlights In 2025, our Board of Directors contributed to Moderna s strategic advancement through its oversight of management s execution of our business plans and strategy. Advice and guidance from the full Board, and relevant committees where applicable, was instrumental in the following key accomplishments, among others, in 2025. Commercial Execution The Board provided strategic input to management as it navigated a still-evolving and competitive respiratory vaccine market. Against this backdrop, we launched our third product, mNEXSPIKE, in the U.S., which quickly became an important driver of our performance. mNEXSPIKE achieved strong early adoption, representing approximately 24 percent of all U.S. retail vaccinations in 2025 and nearly one-third of vaccinations among adults aged 65 years and older (Source: IQVIA). Pipeline Advancement The Board and Product and Technology Committee oversaw significant advancement of our pipeline across infectious disease vaccines, oncology and rare diseases. In addition to three important infectious disease vaccine approvals in the U.S., we also reported strong Phase 3 efficacy results for our flu vaccine. Regulatory submissions advanced globally for our flu and flu + COVID combination vaccines, while our Norovirus program began enrollment of a second Northern Hemisphere cohort for additional case accruals. Enrollment was completed in January 2026. Investments in oncology resulted in eight total Phase 2 and Phase 3 clinical trials underway in collaboration with Merck at year-end 2025. The Product and Technology Committee further oversaw expansion of our early-stage oncology portfolio and advances in our rare disease programs. Increased Cost Efficiency The Board continued to provide strategic oversight to emphasize financial discipline while maintaining investment in high-impact growth areas to help ensure the Company maintains the capital necessary to execute on its growth plans. These efforts allowed us to reduce our annual operating expenses by approximately $2.2 billion, significantly exceeding the financial cost reduction commitments we set at the start of the year. Capital Allocation The Board provided strategic oversight of our capital allocation framework and significant capital deployment decisions within the broader context of disciplined cost management, ensuring capital was allocated to advance our growth strategy. This included investments in our development programs, including our infectious disease programs with a path to approval in the next three years and our expanding late-stage oncology pipeline. The Board also oversaw continued investment in our global production network, including at our U.S. facilities and international manufacturing sites. Investments at our Norwood facility are expected to allow us to operate full end-to-end manufacturing in the U.S., strengthening our domestic manufacturing network. In addition, the Board approved entry into our $1.5 billion term loan facility with lenders led by Ares Capital Corporation, bolstering our balance sheet and providing increased flexibility. Board Succession The Board and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee are continuing to advance our Board succession planning and recruitment of new directors to bring additional expertise reflective of Moderna s strategic plan. 2026 Proxy statement Moderna 7 Proxy Summary PROPOSAL 2 The Board of Directors recommends a vote FOR approval, on a non-binding, advisory basis, of the compensation of the Company s Named Executive Officers. For more information, see page 38 . Non-binding Advisory Vote on Compensation of our Executive Officers Shareholders will be asked to approve, on a non-binding, advisory basis, the compensation of Moderna s named executive officers (NEOs). This is commonly known as a say on pay proposal. Over the last several years, we have evolved our executive compensation programs in order to: Enhance alignment with shareholders through our pay-for-performance philosophy; Align with competitive market practices; and Reflect input received from shareholders. Overall Performance Expanded our commercial portfolio to three approved products, with the successful launch mNEXSPIKE in the U.S. Significantly reduced cash costs by while building momentum toward future launches. Did not meet total revenue expectations due to a challenging commercial setting. Base Salary Salary increases reflective of cost-of-living adjustments across our broader employee base, while increase for the Company s President reflected the expanded scope of his role. Bonus 2025 corporate performance resulted in a funding outcome at 170% of target, reflecting exceptional performance against the Company s corporate objectives. See page 56 for more details in the 20 2 5 An nual Bonus Determination section of the Compensation Discussion Analysis (CD A). Long-Term Incentives Maintained the weighting of performance-based restricted stock units (PSUs), with the CEO PSU mix at 50% and other executives at 33%, tying executive compensation to the long-term achievement of our financial and pipeline expansion objectives, reinforcing our commitment to creating shareholder value. Realizable Pay Weighted the vast majority of compensation for the CEO and our other NEOs to at-risk compensation, including bonus and equity awards (stock options, restricted stock units (RSUs) and PSUs) focusing on financial and operational goals, stock price appreciation and pipeline development goals. 91% at-risk target compensation for CEO, and 89% at-risk target compensation on average for other NEOs, see charts below. Both the 3-year and 5-year CEO realizable pay analysis demonstrated a strong correlation between stock price performance and pay. See page 46 for more details in the Pay for Performance section of the CD A. 8 Moderna 2026 Proxy statement Proxy Summary Our executive compensation program is based on a pay-for-performance philosophy, which is reflected in both our annual and long-term incentive compensation programs. We believe that a significant portion of each executive s compensation should be variable and at-risk and tied to the achievement of pre-established Company performance goals that drive value creation for our business and align our executives interests with those of our shareholders. Our 2025 long-term incentive compensation program was delivered in equal components of stock options and PSUs for the CEO, and one-third weighting of stock options, RSUs and PSUs for our other Executive Committee members. This directly aligns our executive compensation program to our long-term financial and operational objectives. The charts below set forth the target total compensation mix for Mr. Bancel, our Chief Executive Officer, and the average target compensation for our other NEOs for 2025. CEO Target Pay Mix Average NEO Target Pay Mix 2026 Proxy statement Moderna 9 Proxy Summary PROPOSAL 3 The Board of Directors recommends a vote for every one year on the frequency of future non-binding advisory votes to approve the compensation of the company s named executive officers. For more information, see page 80 . Non-binding Advisory Vote on the Frequency of Future Non-binding Advisory Votes to Approve Executive Compensation Section 14A of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, requires us to submit a non-binding, advisory resolution, commonly known as a say-on-frequency proposal, to shareholders at least once every six years to determine whether non-binding advisory votes to approve the compensation of our named executive officers should be held every one, two or three years. The Board has determined that an annual advisory vote is consistent with our efforts to engage in an ongoing dialogue with our shareholders and will allow our shareholders to provide timely and direct input on our executive compensation philosophy, policies and practices as disclosed in the proxy statement each year. PROPOSAL 4 The Board of Directors recommends a vote FOR the ratification of the appointment of Ernst Young LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for the year ending December 31, 2026. For more information, see page 81 . Auditor Ratification We are asking shareholders to ratify the appointment of Ernst Young LLP as our independent auditor for the year ended December 31, 2026. The Audit Committee is committed to ensuring the independence of Ernst Young, and has taken steps in recent years to ensure that we minimize spending on items with the firm other than the audit or audit-related matters. 10 Moderna 2026 Proxy statement PROPOSAL 1 The Board of Directors recommends a vote FOR the election of each of the two nominees as a Class II director to serve for a three-year term. For more information on the nominees, see page 8 . Election of Directors Our Board of Directors currently has nine members, who are divided into three equal classes with staggered three-year terms. At the Annual Meeting, two Class II directors will be elected, each for a three-year term. Each of these nominees is a Class II director whose current term is expiring. Each director will continue in office until the election and qualification of a successor or until such director s earlier death, resignation, or removal. Paul Sagan, a Class II director, has not been nominated for re-election at the Annual Meeting and, as a result, his term as a director will end at the Annual Meeting. Nominees Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee has recommended, and our Board of Directors has approved, Sandra Horning and Abbas Hussain as nominees for election as Class II directors at the Annual Meeting. Dr. Horning has served on the Board since 2020 and Mr. Hussain has served on the Board since 2024. If you are a shareholder of record and you sign your proxy card or vote over the Internet or by telephone but do not give instructions with respect to the voting of directors, your shares will be voted FOR the election of each of Dr. Horning and Mr. Hussain. We expect that the nominees will serve if elected. However, if a director nominee is unable or declines to serve as a director at the time of the Annual Meeting, proxies will be voted for any nominee who is designated by our Board of Directors to fill the resulting vacancy. If you own your Moderna stock through a broker, bank, or other nominee and you do not give voting instructions, then your shares will not be voted on this matter. For more information, please see Information About the 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders What if I do not specify how my shares are to be voted? on page 86 . Vote Required The election of the Class II directors requires a majority of the votes properly cast to be approved. If a director nominee does not receive a majority of the votes cast in favor of his or her election to the Board, the director nominee will be required to tender his or her resignation to the Board for consideration and action by the Board. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee will make a recommendation to the Board on whether to accept or reject the resignation, or whether other action should be taken. The Board will act on the recommendation and will publicly disclose its decision within ninety days from the date of the certification of the election results. 2026 Proxy statement Moderna 11 Proposal No. 1: Election of Directors Information About Moderna s Directors Nominees Sandra Horning, M.D., 77 Director since: 2020 2025 Attendance: 100% Committees Product and Technology (Chair) Nominating and Corporate Governance Education M.D. from the University of Iowa School of Medicine Completed internal medicine training at the University of Rochester Post-graduate fellowship in Oncology and Cancer Biology at Stanford University Why this director is valuable to Moderna Dr. Horning brings decades of experience in the healthcare industry to the Board as a practicing oncologist and investigator, professor of medicine, and an executive leading pharmaceutical drug development with 15 new medicine approvals across a variety of disease areas, including in oncology. Dr. Horning provides valuable insight to our research and development teams as they develop products across our portfolio. She has advanced multiple novel oncology product candidates successfully through regulatory approval and ultimately to patients worldwide. These insights inform how we progress clinical development, engage with regulators and stakeholders, and prepare for commercialization of our product pipeline. Dr. Horning s experience as an executive and director at other healthcare companies also informs our understanding of healthcare industry dynamics and our governance practices. Other Public Boards Revolution Medicines, Inc. (since 2023) Gilead Sciences, Inc. (since 2020) Olema Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (since 2020) EQRx, Inc. (2021-2023) Dr. Horning was the Chief Medical Officer and Global Head of Product Development of Roche, Inc., from 2014 until her retirement in 2019, and, prior to that, served as Global Head of Oncology Clinical Science at Roche from 2009 to 2013. Prior to Roche, Dr. Horning spent 25 years as a practicing oncologist, investigator and tenured Professor of Medicine at Stanford University School of Medicine, where she remains a Professor of Medicine Emerita. From 2005 to 2006, she served as President of the American Society of Clinical Oncology. From 2015 to 2018, Dr. Horning served on the Foundation Medicine Board of Directors. Abbas Hussain, 61 Director since: 2024 2025 Attendance: 100% Committees Audit Product and Technology Education BSc from Loughborough Institute of Technology Why this director is valuable to Moderna Mr. Hussain brings more than three decades of leadership and operating experience in the healthcare industry to the Board, including deep experience in the commercialization of pharmaceutical products. He has also served as the CEO of a public company. Mr. Hussain s previous experience provides strategic insights and global operational expertise as we prepare to launch several additional products in the next few years. Other Public Boards Mallinckrodt Pharmaceuticals (2024- 2025) Vifor Pharmaceuticals (2021-2023) Teva Pharmaceuticals (2020-2021) CSL Limited (2018-2021) Cochlear Limited (2018-2021) Mr. Hussain was the CEO of Vifor Pharmaceuticals, a global specialty pharmaceutical company, from 2021 to 2023, when it was acquired by CSL. He previously served in various leadership roles as GlaxoSmithKline from 2008 to 2017, most recently as Global President, Pharmaceuticals and Vaccines. Earlier in his career, Mr. Hussain held various leadership roles at Eli Lilly and Company, spending 20 years with the company. 12 Moderna 2026 Proxy statement Proposal No. 1: Election of Directors Continuing Directors Noubar Afeyan, Ph.D., 63 Director since: 2010 Chairman since: 2012 Term expires: 2028 2025 Attendance: 100% Committees None Education B.S. in Chemical Engineering from McGill University Ph.D. in Biochemical Engineering from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology Why this director is valuable to Moderna Dr. Afeyan provides strategic expertise and vision as one of our co-founders and as our Chairman since 2012. He has decades of experience co-founding, leading and investing in numerous successful biotechnology companies, applying scientific insights to medical and commercial uses. This experience helps guide our strategy as we continue to explore ways to expand our platform and as we reimagine the ways in which we can impact patients. Dr. Afeyan s experience leading several public and private company boards provides him with valuable leadership experience as the Chairman of our Board. Other Public Boards Generate Biomedicines, Inc. (2018 to present), Chair Omega Therapeutics, Inc. (2016-2023), Chair Rubius Therapeutics, Inc. (2013-2022) Dr. Afeyan is the founder and CEO of Flagship Pioneering, a company that creates bioplatform companies to transform human health and sustainability. An entrepreneur and biochemical engineer, Dr. Afeyan holds more than 100 patents and has co-founded more than 100 life science and technology startups during his career. Dr. Afeyan entered biotechnology during its emergence as an academic field and industry, completing his doctoral work in biochemical engineering at MIT in 1987. He was a senior lecturer at MIT s Sloan School of Management from 2000 to 2016, a lecturer at Harvard Business School until 2020, and he currently serves as a member of the MIT Corporation. In 2022, Dr. Afeyan was elected to the U.S. National Academy of Engineering. St phane Bancel, 53 Director since: 2011 Term expires: 2028 2025 Attendance: 100% Committees None Education Master of Engineering degree from cole Centrale Paris Master of Science in Chemical Engineering from the University of Minnesota M.B.A. from Harvard Business School Why this director is valuable to Moderna As our CEO for more than a decade, Mr. Bancel plays a key role in setting the strategy for Moderna with the rest of the Board, and executing on that strategy with our management team. Mr. Bancel is intimately familiar with our operations and is a key driver behind our culture and way of working. Mr. Bancel s experience prior to joining Moderna as an executive at other companies provides him with leadership experience and knowledge of the pharmaceutical industry, including insight into opportunities for Moderna to reimagine how we can have the greatest impact on patients. Other Public Boards Generate Biomedicines, Inc. (2019 to present) Qiagen N.V. (2013-2021) Mr. Bancel has served as our CEO since October 2011. Before joining Moderna, Mr. Bancel served for five years as CEO of the French diagnostics company bioM rieux SA. From July 2000 to March 2006, he served in various roles at Eli Lilly and Company, including as Managing Director, Belgium, and as Executive Director, Global Manufacturing Strategy and Supply Chain. Prior to Eli Lilly, Mr. Bancel served as Asia-Pacific Sales and Marketing Director for bioM rieux. He is currently a Venture Partner at Flagship Pioneering. Mr. Bancel was nominated Chevalier of the Legion d'honneur in 2022, the highest recognition in France, and was elected to the U.S. National Academy of Engineering in 2024. 2026 Proxy statement Moderna 13 Proposal No. 1: Election of Directors Elizabeth Nabel, M.D., 74 Director since: 2015 Term expires: 2027 2025 Attendance: 100% Committees Compensation and Talent Product and Technology Education B.A. from St. Olaf College M.D. from Cornell University Medical College Postgraduate training in internal medicine and cardiovascular diseases at Brigham and Women s Hospital and Harvard University Why this director is valuable to Moderna Dr. Nabel brings valuable strategic insight as a medical doctor and professor of medicine who has spent decades in the healthcare industry. Dr. Nabel has served as the chief executive of a large hospital organization, which informs her insights into the provision of care and how payors, including government payors, approach the commercial market, as well as human capital management. Her experience working for governmental organizations also helps guide our strategy related to the approval and regulation of our products. Her experience working in drug development and serving as a director for other healthcare companies also provides valuable perspective on our industry. Other Public Boards Medtronic plc (since 2014) Lyell Immunopharma, Inc. (since 2021) Accolade, Inc. 2021-2025 From 2010 to 2021, Dr. Nabel served as the President of Harvard University-affiliated Brigham Health, which includes Brigham and Women's Hospital, Brigham and Women's Faulkner Hospital, and the Brigham and Women's Physician Organization. Dr. Nabel was also a Professor of Medicine at Harvard Medical School from 2010 to 2021. Following her retirement from Brigham Health, Dr. Nabel served as Executive Vice President for Strategy at ModeX Therapeutics, from 2021 to 2022, when the company was acquired by OPKO Health, Inc. Following the acquisition, Dr. Nabel also served as Chief Medical Officer for OPKO Health until August 2023. She now serves as a consultant to OPKO Health and ModeX Therapeutics. Earlier in her career, Dr. Nabel held a variety of roles, including Director, at the National Heart, Lung and Blood Institute at the National Institutes of Health, a federal agency funding research, training and education programs to promote the prevention and treatment of heart, lung and blood diseases, from 1999 to 2009. She is an elected member of the U.S. National Academy of Medicine of the U.S. National Academy of Sciences. Fran ois Nader, M.D., 69 Director since: 2019 Term expires: 2028 2025 Attendance: 100% Committees Compensation Talent (Chair) Nominating Corporate Governance (Chair) Education French doctorate in Medicine from St. Joseph University in Lebanon Physician Executive M.B.A. from the University of Tennessee Why this director is valuable to Moderna Dr. Nader brings decades of experience in the healthcare industry to the Board, having served as an executive for organizations at various stages of development, including as a public pharmaceutical company CEO. Dr. Nader helps guide our strategy through his insights into various stages of vaccine development across our portfolio, including clinical development, engagement with regulators, and commercialization. His experience on the boards of public and private healthcare companies from small cap to large cap across the globe help inform and guide our growth as we scale our organization. Other Public Boards Tectonic Therapeutic, Inc. (since February 2026), Chair BenevolentAI (2021-2024), Chair Talaris Therapeutics, Inc. (2018-2023), Chair Acceleron Pharma Inc. (2014-2021), Chair Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (2017-2021) Prevail Therapeutics Inc. (2018-2021), Chair Dr. Nader served as President, CEO and Executive Director of NPS Pharmaceuticals from 2008 until 2015, when the company was acquired. During his tenure as CEO, Dr. Nader transformed NPS Pharma into a leading global biotechnology company focused on delivering innovative therapies to patients with rare diseases. From September 2023 to January 2024, Dr. Nader served as the acting Chief Executive Officer of BenevolentAI while the company conducted a CEO search. Prior to NPS, Dr. Nader was a venture partner at Care Capital. He previously served on Aventis Pharma s North America Leadership Team, holding a number of executive positions in integrated healthcare markets and medical and regulatory affairs. Dr. Nader previously led global commercial operations at the Pasteur Vaccines division of Rhone-Poulenc. He previously served as a senior advisor for Blackstone Life Sciences. Dr. Nader is the former Chairman of BioNJ, New Jersey s biotechnology trade organization, and previously served on the board of the Biotechnology Industry Organization. 14 Moderna 2026 Proxy statement Proposal No. 1: Election of Directors David Rubenstein, 76 Director since: 2024 Term expires: 2027 2025 Attendance: 92% Committees Audit Education B.A. in Political Science from Duke University J.D. from the University of Chicago Why this director is valuable to Moderna Mr. Rubenstein brings decades of experience in growing and investing in global companies across multiple industries. Mr. Rubenstein also provides valuable insight on matters related to geopolitical trends, policy and international affairs as we execute on our growth strategy. Mr. Rubenstein s background as a founder, CEO, and public company director also provides experience in financial reporting and governance as we scale our organization globally. Other Public Boards The Carlyle Group (since 1987, Co-Chairman since 2011) Mr. Rubenstein currently serves as the Co-Founder and Co-Chairman of The Carlyle Group, and was previously the firm s Co-CEO. Mr. Rubenstein is also the Chairman, CEO, and principal owner of the Baltimore Orioles of Major League Baseball. Prior to founding The Carlyle Group in 1987, Mr. Rubenstein practiced law in Washington D.C. with Shaw, Pittman, Potts Trowbridge LLP (now Pillsbury Winthrop Shaw Pittman LLP). From 1977 to 1981, Mr. Rubenstein was Deputy Assistant to the President for Domestic Policy and from 1975 to 1976, he served as Chief Counsel to the U.S. Senate Judiciary Committee s Subcommittee on Constitutional Amendments. Mr. Rubenstein is Chairman of the Boards of the Council on Foreign Relations, the Economic Club of Washington, D.C., and the University of Chicago and serves on the Boards of Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center, Johns Hopkins Medicine, the Institute for Advanced Study, the National Constitution Center, the Brookings Institution, and the World Economic Forum, in addition to several other artistic and philanthropic organizations. He is the recipient of the Presidential Medal of Freedom. Elizabeth Tallett, 76 Director since: 2020 Term expires: 2027 2025 Attendance: 100% Committees Audit (Chair) Compensation and Talent Education Nottingham University with a dual first class honours degree in Mathematics and Economics Why this director is valuable to Moderna Ms. Tallett provides valuable strategic insight based upon her extensive professional experience in the pharmaceutical industry, as an executive for organizations at various stages of development, and as a public company director with service on numerous public company boards across multiple industries, including healthcare, life sciences and semiconductors. She has served as the Chair or lead independent director for several public companies and has chaired a wide range of board committees. Ms. Tallett s experience is applied in helping us identify the opportunities and challenges we face as a commercial-stage pharmaceutical company, as well as understanding the dynamics impacting customers and payors. Ms. Tallett s substantial public company board leadership experience also provides governance expertise, particularly in the areas of financial reporting, human capital management, and risk management as we scale our organization globally and build out critical internal functions. Other Public Boards Qiagen, Inc. (since 2011) Elevance Health, Inc. (previously Anthem, Inc.) (2013-2025) Principal Financial Group (2001-2021) Meredith Corp., Inc. (2008-2021) Ms. Tallett has spent more than 35 years in strategic leadership and operational roles in worldwide biopharmaceutical and consumer products industries. From 2002 to 2015, she was a Principal of Hunter Partners, LLC, a management company for pharmaceutical, biotechnology and medical device companies, and continues to consult with early-stage healthcare companies. She previously served as President and CEO of Transcell Technologies Inc., President of Centocor Pharmaceuticals, a member of the Parke-Davis Executive Committee, and Director of Worldwide Strategic Planning for Warner-Lambert Company. Ms. Tallett was a founding member of the Biotechnology Council of New Jersey and chairs the board of trustees at Solebury School in Pennsylvania. She was named a Financial Times Outstanding Director of the year in 2015 and recognized as one of the National Association of Corporate Directors (NACD) Directorship 100 honorees in 2019. 2026 Proxy statement Moderna 15 Governance Composition of our Board of Directors Our Board currently consists of nine members, but the Board has the authority to increase or decrease that size depending on an assessment of its needs and other relevant circumstances at any given time. As of the Annual Meeting, Mr. Sagan will no longer be a member of our Board, which will then decrease in size to eight members. Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee (Nominating Committee) and our Board consider a broad range of factors when selecting nominees. We strive to identify candidates who will further the interests of our shareholders. Among other things, we expect that all of our directors will have the following experience and traits: substantial experience at a strategic or policymaking level in a business, government, non-profit, or academic organization of high standing, able to contribute to Moderna s strategic growth and able to offer advice and guidance to Moderna s senior management based on that experience; highly accomplished in their respective fields; the ability to contribute positively to the Board s collaborative culture; knowledge of our business; understanding of the competitive landscape facing our business; and expertise relevant to our growth and business strategy. In addition, every nominee must have sufficient time and availability to devote to Moderna s affairs, a reputation for high ethical and moral standards, an understanding of the fiduciary responsibilities assumed by public company directors, and the time and energy necessary to diligently carry out those responsibilities, and role model our values and demonstrate a willingness to embrace the Moderna Mindsets, further described in Corporate Responsibility Human Capital Management on page 35 . The Nominating Committee reviews Board succession regularly, and in considering director candidates is focused on those individuals who can help guide Moderna as it executes on its strategy over the next several years. This includes seeking out candidates who can help guide our growth as a leading scientific, innovative and digitally-enabled company. In building our Board, we also believe that the following skills and experiences, while not exhaustive, are helpful in ensuring that our directors collectively possess the skills and backgrounds necessary for us to execute on our strategic plans and to exercise the Board s oversight responsibilities on behalf of our shareholders. Skills and experiences shown below are generally reflective of the individual having worked in the area, rather than experience obtained as a director in the relevant field. In addition, our Nominating Committee seeks out candidates who can contribute to the diversity of views and perspectives of the Board in accordance with the committee s Policies and Procedures for Director Candidates. Three of our directors are female and three identify as racially or ethnically diverse. Skill/Experience Afeyan Bancel Horning Hussain Nabel Nader Rubenstein Sagan Tallett CEO Experience Commercialization Digital/Cyber/AI Drug Development Finance/Accounting Government/Regulatory Healthcare Industry Human Capital Management International Experience Investor Experience Manufacturing/Supply Chain Science/Technology/R D 16 Moderna 2026 Proxy statement Governance Our directors hold office until their successors have been elected and qualified or until their earlier death, resignation, or removal. Directors may be removed only for cause by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds of the votes outstanding. Any vacancy on our Board of Directors, including a vacancy resulting from an enlargement of the Board, may be filled only by vote of a majority of the directors then in office. Staggered Board In consultation with our Nominating Committee, our Board of Directors has determined that a staggered board structure, with directors divided into three classes with staggered terms, remains appropriate for us at this time. At each annual meeting of shareholders, one class of directors will be elected for a three-year term to succeed the directors of the same class whose terms are then expiring. A staggered board provides for stability, continuity and experience among our Board. This structure helps to resist pressure to focus on short-term results at the expense of our long-term value and success, which is especially important for our company at this time given the difficult and uncertain external environment, the volatility we have seen in our stock price, and the importance of stability for execution on our near-term business strategy. Our Board also believes that this structure helps to preserve institutional knowledge that can help us identify new opportunities, such as when our Board noted parallels early in 2020 between our earlier efforts to develop a vaccine against Middle Eastern Respiratory Syndrome (MERS) and the disease that came to be known as COVID-19. This led to the successful development and launch of our first product, our COVID vaccine. In addition, our Board consists of a number of longer-tenured directors who have familiarity with the Company from before the pandemic, and who understand how we can operate effectively in a cost-constrained environment. 2026 Proxy statement Moderna 17 Governance Board Highlights for 2025 During 2025, the Moderna Board provided strategic oversight to advance the Company s position as a leader in mRNA medicines. Key areas of focus included overseeing management s efforts to strengthen commercial execution; oversight of progress across our pipeline of mRNA medicines, spanning oncology, rare disease and infectious disease; guiding cost-efficiency efforts to drive sustainable growth; and overseeing investments in the build-out of our global manufacturing network. Commercial Efforts Commercial Execution and Launch of our Third Product in the U.S.: In 2025, the Board provided strategic input to management as it navigated a still-evolving respiratory vaccine market. Against this backdrop, the Board provided oversight of management s execution of the successful launch of mNEXSPIKE in the U.S., which has quickly become an important driver of our performance. mNEXSPIKE achieved strong early adoption and represented approximately 24 percent of all U.S. retail COVID vaccinations in 2025 and nearly one-third of vaccinations among adults aged 65 years and older (Source: IQVIA). mNEXSPIKE is now our leading product in the U.S. retail channel. The Board also actively engaged with management regarding lessons to be learned from past commercial challenges. Strong progress was made in 2025 with regard to Moderna s commercial execution and management s ability to forecast sales in an endemic setting. Geographic Growth: The Board also supported investments in advancing Moderna s global production network, including our international manufacturing facilities, to enable local access to mRNA medicines and drive revenue diversification. These facilities will enable us to execute on multi-year contracts to supply respiratory vaccines in each of these markets and position us to deliver cost-optimized growth with margins consistent with U.S. operations. This expansion further enhances supply chain resilience and positions Moderna to meet global demand. Also in 2025, we expanded our commercial reach through important partnerships in Brazil and Taiwan, strengthening our presence in growing and strategically significant markets. Advancing Our Pipeline The Board and its Product and Technology Committee played a key role in guiding the advancement and strategic investment in our development programs, laying the groundwork to build a large infectious disease vaccine franchise for high-risk populations that will provide a cash engine to fund our next phase of innovation in oncology and rare diseases. This included decisions to invest in infectious disease vaccine programs with a path to approval in the next three years, as well as investment in our expanding late-stage oncology pipeline. Infectious Disease Vaccines: Moderna achieved critical milestones for its infectious disease vaccines portfolio in 2025. In addition to the U.S. approval of mNEXSPIKE, we received approvals for an expanded indication for mRESVIA for adults 18-59 years of age at increased risk for RSV, as well as a supplemental approval for Spikevax in high-risk children as young as six months of age. Following positive Phase 3 read outs, we completed submissions for approval for our flu vaccine (mRNA-1010) in the U.S., Canada, Australia and Europe. Additionally, our flu + COVID combination vaccine (mRNA-1083) was filed in Europe and Canada. Beyond respiratory diseases, we began enrollment of a second Northern Hemisphere season (2025-2026) cohort for additional case accruals in our ongoing Phase 3 study of our Norovirus vaccine (mRNA-1403). Enrollment was completed in January 2026. Investments in our infectious disease vaccines portfolio are expected to result in several additional approvals and increased product sales over the coming years, which we expect will generate cash for investment into oncology and rare disease therapeutics. Oncology Therapeutics: The Board oversaw investments in mRNA-4157 (intismeran autogene), which is being developed in collaboration with Merck, for which eight Phase 2 and Phase 3 clinical trials are underway across multiple tumor types. In January 2026, Moderna and Merck announced five-year data for intismeran in combination with KEYTRUDA, which showed sustained benefit in recurrence-free survival compared to KEYTRUDA alone in melanoma patients. The Product and Technology Committee also provided oversight of investments in mRNA-4359, our wholly-owned cancer antigen therapy, as well as additional early-stage oncology programs, further expanding Moderna s oncology portfolio. Rare Disease Therapeutics: Our rare disease propionic acidemia (PA) candidate is in a registrational study and target enrollment has been reached. We expect a potential data readout in 2026. We also expect a registrational study to begin in 2026 for our methylmalonic acidemia (MMA) therapeutic. 18 Moderna 2026 Proxy statement Governance Driving Cost Efficiencies and Operational Excellence The Board provided strategic oversight to emphasize financial discipline and streamlined operations while overseeing investments and capital allocation to position Moderna to execute on its growth plans. Disciplined Cost Management: During 2025, the Company reduced its annual operating expenses by approximately $2.2 billion, significantly exceeding the financial cost reduction commitments it set at the start of the year. Management s ability to deliver these cost reductions was supported in part by Board-approved investments in AI and digital solutions to streamline operations across manufacturing, HR, legal, and finance, enhancing scalability and cost control. Streamlined R D Prioritization: The Board and Product and Technology Committee continued to provide oversight to focus resources on investment opportunities and programs that support the Company s near-term strategy to drive diversified growth into oncology. The Board regularly reviewed vaccine development plans in light of evolving U.S. market dynamics and regulatory considerations, evaluating program decisions within the broader context of capital allocation discipline. In 2025, the Company improved productivity across the R D organization, reducing R D expenses 31% year-over-year. Strategic Manufacturing Investments: The Board approved investments at our Norwood, Massachusetts campus, to expand our U.S. manufacturing capabilities with the onshoring of Drug Product manufacturing. Through this strategic onshoring, we will operate full end-to-end manufacturing in the U.S., strengthening our domestic manufacturing network, supporting both commercial and clinical supply. The Board also provided oversight of our investments in our Marlborough, Massachusetts manufacturing site, which was purpose-built for intismeran and began supplying clinical batches in September 2025. Designed for speed and scalability with advanced automation and robotics, this site is on track for potential commercial launch, as we methodically right-size the intismeran manufacturing process to improve turnaround time and reduce costs. Enhanced Balance Sheet Flexibility: The Board approved entry into our five-year term loan facility for up to $1.5 billion of capital with lenders led by Ares Capital Corporation, a leading global alternative investment manager. The non-dilutive financing bolsters our strong balance sheet and provides for increased flexibility. Governance and Corporate Developments Board Succession: The Board and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee are continuing to advance our Board succession planning and recruitment of new directors who will bring additional expertise reflective of Moderna s strategic plan. Executive Compensation and Talent Management: As discussed in greater detail elsewhere in this Proxy Statement, the Compensation Committee continues to evolve our compensation programs to ensure ongoing alignment between our executives and investors. Each year, the performance goals under our bonus scorecard and PSUs are tied to our long-term strategy, reflecting those objectives that need to be achieved over a one-year and three-year time horizon, respectively, to deliver on that plan. In addition, the Committee oversaw our talent management efforts, performance, training and retention programs. In late 2025, the Board and Compensation Committee oversaw the implementation of a shareholder-approved stock option exchange program for non-executive employees, as part of our ongoing efforts to support retention, reinforce a culture of ownership, and align employee incentives with long-term shareholder value. Corporate Responsibility: The Board continued to oversee Moderna s corporate responsibility programs against the backdrop of a shifting regulatory landscape. This included the adoption in 2025 of our updated Human Rights Policy, following approval by the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. In addition, we completed our first quantitative climate-risk and scenario analysis, established Product Stewardship capabilities, and achieved ISO certifications for our Norwood, Massachusetts facilities, reinforcing Moderna s commitment to sustainability and accountability. For more information, see Corporate Responsibility below. 2026 Proxy statement Moderna 19 Governance Director Independence Our Corporate Governance Guidelines provide that at least a majority of the members of the Board must meet the independence standards prescribed by rules of The Nasdaq Stock Market. Our Board of Directors has determined that all current directors except Mr. Bancel, our Chief Executive Officer, are independent, as defined by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and Nasdaq rules. In making this determination, the Board considered the relationships that each non-employee director has with Moderna and other relevant facts and circumstances. There are no family relationships among any of our directors or executive officers. Directors must notify the Chair of the Nominating Committee and our Chief Legal Officer prior to accepting any new director roles or in connection with any significant change in employment status so that the potential for conflicts or other factors that may compromise the director s ability to perform his or her duties may be fully assessed. Pre-clearance from the Chair of the Nominating Committee, acting on the advice of the Chief Legal Officer and in consultation with the full Nominating Committee, where appropriate, is required before a director may accept any such new roles. At least annually, the Board will evaluate all relationships between Moderna and each director in light of relevant facts and circumstances for the purpose of determining whether a material relationship exists that might signal a potential conflict of interest or otherwise interfere with such director s ability to satisfy his or her responsibilities as an independent director. Board Leadership Structure The role of Chairman of the Board is separated from the role of Chief Executive Officer. Our Chief Executive Officer is responsible for recommending strategic decisions and capital allocation to the Board and for ensuring the execution of the recommended plans. The Chairman is responsible for leading the Board of Directors in its fundamental role of providing advice to and independent oversight of management. Our bylaws and Corporate Governance Guidelines do not require that our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer positions be separate. Limits on Board Service Carrying out the duties and fulfilling the responsibilities of a director requires a significant commitment of time and attention. The Board recognizes that excessive time commitments can interfere with an individual s ability to carry out and fulfill his or her duties effectively. In connection with its assessment of director candidates for nomination, the Board will assess whether the performance of any director has been or is likely to be adversely affected by excessive time commitments, including service on other boards. Consistent with this belief, our Corporate Governance Guidelines set limits on the number of other boards on which directors may serve. Under the Guidelines, directors who also serve as executives of public companies should not serve on more than one board of a public company in addition to the Moderna Board, and other directors should not serve on more than three other boards of public companies in addition to the Moderna Board, absent special circumstances, such as a period of transition. Each of our directors is in compliance with this aspect of our Guidelines and has been throughout the year. Directors must notify the Chair of the Nominating Committee and Chief Legal Officer in connection with accepting a seat on the board of directors of another business and obtain approval before joining so we can fully assess the potential for conflicts or other factors that may compromise the director s ability to carry out his or her duties. See Director Independence above. Age and Term Limits The Board does not believe that arbitrary limits on the number of consecutive terms a director may serve or on the directors ages are appropriate in light of the substantial benefits resulting from a sustained focus on Moderna s business, strategy, and industry over a significant period of time. Governance Documents We have adopted a Code of Ethics and Business Conduct that applies to our Board of Directors and all of our officers and employees. In addition, we have adopted Corporate Governance Guidelines that formalize certain fundamental board policies and practices. Both of these documents are available on the Governance Governance Documents section of our Investor Relations website, https://investors.modernatx.com . 20 Moderna 2026 Proxy statement Governance Board s Role in Risk Oversight Board of Directors Oversees Major Risks Our Board is responsible for overseeing risk management. It exercises its oversight primarily through its committees. The full Board or applicable committee discusses with management our major risk exposures, their potential impact, and the steps we may take to manage them. The Board must satisfy itself that the risk management processes designed and implemented by management are adequate and functioning as intended. When a Board committee is responsible for evaluating and overseeing the management of a particular risk, the Chair of that committee reports on it to the full Board at regular meetings so the Board can coordinate the risk oversight role among the relevant parties. The Board s standing committees each have primary oversight for risks related to the areas set forth below. Compensation and Talent Committee Managing human capital effectively through hiring, development, retention and succession planning. Designing compensation programs to drive performance through appropriate risk-taking (and reviewing R D-related goals with the Product and Technology Committee). Maintaining Moderna s unique culture. Maintaining fair and competitive pay practices, and maintaining pay equity. Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Ensuring corporate governance practices are designed to produce outcomes that are in the best interests of Moderna. Developing plans for Board succession, particularly for key roles. Assessing and implementing plans for environmental, social and governance related risks and opportunities. Product and Technology Committee Ensuring product quality safety. Advancing our R D programs and product pipeline. Optimizing clinical trial design. Advising on effective engagement with regulators and the advancement our products to approval. Advancing our platform and developing new modalities through effective investments. Effectively seeking growth opportunities through strategic collaborations. Protecting and leveraging our intellectual property. Audit Committee Ensuring the integrity of Moderna s financial statements and related disclosures. Maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and policies relating to risk assessment and management. Mitigating exposure to major financial risks and taking steps to monitor and control such exposures, including overseeing treasury and tax operations. Strengthening our cybersecurity program and protection against other technology-related risks. Implementation of policies and procedures related to the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints regarding accounting, internal controls or auditing matters, and handling of whistleblower complaints. Ensuring that internal audit and compliance plans are aimed at identifying and mitigating key risks. 2026 Proxy statement Moderna 21 Governance Management Key Risk Responsibilities Management is responsible for the day-to-day management of Moderna s risks. Members of senior management provide regular reports to the Board and relevant committees that include discussions of the risks and exposures involved in their respective areas of responsibility. Our Chief Legal Officer and our Chief Ethics, Compliance Privacy Officer (who reports directly to our Chief Legal Officer) provide regular updates to the Audit Committee regarding internal and external developments that could affect the Company s risk profile, and in turn our Chief Legal Officer and Chair of the Audit Committee regularly report out to the Board. Each year, as part of our Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) process, our management team works with senior leaders across the organization to identify those risks, both existent and emerging, that are most significant for the Company. These risks are then reviewed with our Executive Committee and mitigation plans are developed with owners who are responsible for monitoring and implementing those mitigation plans. The outcomes of the ERM process, including the mitigation plans, are then reviewed and discussed with the Audit Committee. 22 Moderna 2026 Proxy statement Governance Shareholder Engagement We actively engage with our shareholders throughout the year to solicit their views on our strategy and performance. Conversations throughout the year led by our Investor Relations team are supplemented by outreach with members of our Corporate Governance team, senior leadership and independent directors with a particular focus on governance, compensation policies and practices, and corporate responsibility topics. In 2025, we initiated contact for governance engagements with approximately 30 of our largest investors that are unaffiliated with our officers and directors, representing approximately 50% of our shares outstanding, as well as several other investors who expressed an interest in meeting on governance topics. Including affiliated investors, this outreach included shareholders representing more than 58% of our shares outstanding. Governance outreach discussions focused on a number of topics that were voted on at the 2025 Annual Meeting, as well as other topics outlined below, including various corporate governance topics, our current board structure and executive compensation programs. Key Items Discussed with Shareholders in 2025 Board Composition and Governance Compensation Programs Corporate Responsibility Initiatives Director recruitment and the evolution of our Board composition Board structure, independence and risk oversight Evolution of governance practices Our recent say-on-pay votes Program structure, including the weighting of components of equity awards Performance goals underlying the bonus scorecard and PSUs Special equity awards and base salaries for executive officers Stock option exchange program for non-executive officer employees Transparency reporting (e.g., Impacting Human Health Report, SASB/GRI, EEO-1 Report) Climate-related matters, including scenario analyses and emission reduction goals Corporate policies, including our updated Human Rights Policy Our discussions led to valuable feedback from our investors, which was discussed among members of management and with our Board and committees, as further discussed below. Board Composition and Governance. Investors provided feedback on areas of focus for future recruitment efforts. Investors also provided feedback on recent governance changes. Discussions were held with a number of investors related to the decision to maintain a staggered board and factors informing the Board s view that this remains the best structure for Moderna to execute on its strategic plans at this time. Compensation Programs. Investor feedback on our executive compensation programs continued to be constructive, with support for our overall program design and emphasis on tying the experience of investors to results for our executives through programs that are heavily weighted toward equity. Discussions were held with investors related to goal-setting and the tying of performance goals to our strategy and market communications. Investor input helped inform our approach to several decisions in 2025, including no retention or special equity awards granted to, and the freezing of base salaries in 2026 for, named executive officers. Investors also provided valuable feedback on the design of our stock option exchange program offered to broad-based employees in late 2025, which received overwhelming shareholder support and strong employee participation. Corporate Responsibility. Investor feedback on our corporate responsibility programs and transparency on these initiatives continued to be positive. Investors were supportive of our efforts to provide greater transparency through our Impacting Human Health Report and to provide greater visibility on our greenhouse gas reduction efforts and assessment of risks related to climate. Investors also provided valuable feedback in connection with our updates to our Human Rights Policy. We will continue to engage with relevant stakeholders on these matters, monitor the environmental, social and governance reporting and disclosure landscape and assess additional reporting frameworks. For more information, please see Corporate Responsibility below and our Impacting Human Health Report. 2026 Proxy statement Moderna 23 Governance Board Committees As described below, our Board of Directors has established four committees: Audit, Compensation and Talent, Nominating and Corporate Governance, and Product and Technology. The Board of Directors may establish other committees from time to time. All members of the Board committees are independent directors. The charter for each of the committees is available on the Governance Governance Documents section of our Investor Relations website, https://investors.modernatx.com . Audit Committee Members Ms. Tallett (Chair) Mr. Hussain Mr. Rubenstein Mr. Sagan Meetings in 2025: 7 Representative, recent discussion topics Financial reporting and significant accounting items as we continue to adapt to a commercial market Efforts and processes to reduce cash operating expenses to meet our cost savings objectives Our financial framework and investor communications around anticipated results Ongoing cybersecurity initiatives and execution against our updated cybersecurity strategic roadmap Ongoing evolution of our internal audit, tax and compliance functions as we scale as a global organization Our ongoing maturation of compliance, global ethics and privacy programs Our year-end enterprise risk assessment Capital allocation and formation strategy, including approach to investments, our capital policy framework, tax strategy and entry into term loan facility Independence Our Board of Directors has determined that each member of the Audit Committee meets the heightened independence requirements for audit committee members prescribed by the SEC and Nasdaq, and that each has sufficient knowledge in financial and auditing matters to serve on the Audit Committee. Financial experts Our Board of Directors has determined that each of Ms. Tallett and Mr. Hussain is an audit committee financial expert, as defined in the applicable SEC rules. The Audit Committee s responsibilities include: appointing, approving the compensation of, and assessing the independence of our independent registered public accounting firm; pre-approving audit, audit-related and permissible non-audit services, and the terms of such services, to be provided by our independent registered public accounting firm; reviewing the overall audit plan with our independent registered public accounting firm and members of management responsible for preparing our financial statements; reviewing and discussing with management and our independent registered public accounting firm our annual and quarterly financial statements and related disclosures, as well as the critical accounting policies and practices we use; coordinating the oversight and reviewing the adequacy of our internal control over financial reporting; establishing policies and procedures for the receipt and retention of accounting-related complaints and concerns; overseeing the Company s internal audit function, including internal audit plans, budgeting and staffing and reviewing any findings resulting from audits; recommending, based upon review and discussions with management and our independent registered public accounting firm, whether our audited financial statements should be included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K; monitoring the integrity of our financial statements and compliance with legal and regulatory requirements as they relate to our financial statements and accounting; preparing the Audit Committee Report required by SEC rules to be included in our annual proxy statement; reviewing all related party transactions for potential conflicts of interest and approving all appropriate transactions; reviewing quarterly earnings releases; discussing the guidelines and policies that govern the process by which the Company s exposure to risk is assessed and managed by management; and exercising general oversight over the Company s cybersecurity and technology risks, including the Company s information security and related risk management programs. 24 Moderna 2026 Proxy statement Governance Compensation and Talent Committee Members Dr. Nader (Chair) Dr. Nabel Ms. Tallett Meetings in 2025: 6 Representative, recent discussion topics Ongoing oversight and evolution of the executive compensation program, including goal-setting, pay-for-performance rigor, and peer group composition Shareholder engagement and feedback regarding executive compensation and governance practices Our employee stock option exchange program offered to non-Executive Committee employees in 2025 Talent development efforts, including retention (both for executives and non-executive employees), development and performance management Oversight of human capital strategy, including the implementation of AI-enabled tools and digital capabilities to enhance workforce productivity and organizational effectiveness Ongoing development of our future operating model as we seek to grow sustainably and execute our near-term strategy Independence Our Board of Directors has determined that each member of the Compensation and Talent Committee meets the heightened independence requirements for compensation committee members prescribed by Nasdaq. The Compensation and Talent Committee s responsibilities include: reviewing and establishing our executive compensation philosophy and policy; annually reviewing and recommending to the Board corporate goals and objectives relevant to our CEO s compensation, evaluating the CEO s performance, and making a recommendation to the Board for the CEO s compensation; approving the cash and equity compensation of our other executive officers; overseeing the operation of our compensation plans, policies and programs; reviewing the Company s talent initiatives and strategies to attract, develop and retain key employees, and reviewing succession planning for key executive roles; overseeing the Company s human capital management strategies, policies, and practices; overseeing and recommending to the Board for approval the Company s policy for recoupment of executive incentive compensation; selecting the peer group for purposes of comparing executive compensation against the competitive market; appointing and overseeing compensation consultants and other advisors retained by the Committee; reviewing and recommending to the Board of Directors the compensation of our directors; and preparing the Compensation Committee Report required by SEC rules to be included in our annual proxy statement. 2026 Proxy statement Moderna 25 Governance Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Members Dr. Nader (Chair) Dr. Horning Mr. Sagan Meetings in 2025: 5 Representative, recent discussion topics Director recruitment efforts, as well as continued succession planning to ensure appropriate expertise as we execute our Company strategy Evolution of the Company s governance practices and reviewing investor feedback on this topic Committee assignments and committee leadership roles The status of our corporate responsibility efforts, including the 2024 Impacting Human Health Report and oversight of our sustainability strategy, as well as approval of our updated Human Rights Policy The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee s responsibilities include: recommending to the Board persons to be nominated for election as directors, and conducting Board succession planning; recommending directors to the Board to serve on Committees and as Committee Chairs; reviewing the composition of the Board to ensure its members have the appropriate skills and expertise to oversee Moderna; reviewing and recommending corporate governance practices to the Board; overseeing the evaluation of our Board; and reviewing environmental, social and governance matters pertaining to the Company, including policies and initiatives, such as political engagement, actions to mitigate climate-related risks, as well as philanthropic initiatives, such as the Moderna Charitable Foundation. 26 Moderna 2026 Proxy statement Governance Product and Technology Committee Members Dr. Horning (Chair) Mr. Hussain Dr. Nabel Meetings in 2025: 5 Representative, recent discussion topics Research and development updates, including program prioritization and resource allocation Advancement of platform capabilities, including technological process improvements for RNA and lipid nanoparticle (LNP) production Developments from collaborations with third parties Clinical and commercial strategy updates for our development programs and the overall pipeline Advancement of late-stage programs to pivotal trials The Compensation and Talent Committee s responsibilities include: oversight of R D strategy, assets and pipeline, development programs and their progression, including target product profile, clinical trial design and advancement, and commercial potential; reviewing and discussing with management the impact of the competitive landscape on the R D strategy and product development programs; reviewing the allocation, deployment, utilization of and investment in scientific assets; reviewing and approving the advancement of any new program or series of programs to investment in a pivotal trial; oversight of investments in and development of technological development strategies; oversight of regulatory efforts and strategy; oversight of risks associated with the R D and product development programs and regulatory matters and their management; oversight of the quality of operational capabilities; strategic oversight and advising the Board on scientific and R D aspects of licensing, strategic collaborations and acquisition or divestiture transactions; reviewing, evaluating and advising the Board regarding platform development, including advances in mRNA science, delivery science and manufacturing process science and related investments; identifying significant emerging science and technology issues and trends relevant to our mRNA platform; providing guidance to, and assisting in assessments of, scientific talent; and reviewing and advising the Board regarding our intellectual property strategies. Board and Committee Meetings Each director is expected to make reasonable efforts to attend all Board and applicable committee meetings. Attendance is taken into account by the Nominating Committee and the Board when they assess directors for re-nomination to the Board. Each director is also expected to attend our annual shareholder meetings, and all of our directors attended the 2025 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. The full Board of Directors met five times in formal meetings during 2025, in addition to holding frequent calls and informal sessions. Each director attended (virtually or in person) at least 75% of the aggregate meetings of the Board (held while such person was a director) and meetings held by all committees of the Board on which such person served. The non-employee directors meet at regularly scheduled executive sessions without management participation. The Chair of the Board is an independent director and presides at all Board meetings. 2026 Proxy statement Moderna 27 Governance Board Self-Evaluation Pursuant to our Corporate Governance Guidelines, our Board has committed to conduct a self-evaluation at least annually to assess whether the Board and its committees are functioning effectively. Our Board committees conduct self-evaluations periodically to assess whether they are functioning effectively. Any such evaluation will consider the performance of the Board or the committee, as the case may be, as a unit (rather than the performance of any individual director). In 2025, the Board s self-evaluation utilized an independent third party who conducted a survey and individual interviews with each director regarding the Board s operations before reporting back to full Board of Directors. In the past, these self-evaluations have similarly informed decisions regarding Board operations and Board composition. Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation None of the members of our Compensation and Talent Committee has at any time during the prior three years been one of our officers or employees. None of our executive officers currently serves, or in the past fiscal year has served, as a member of the board of directors or compensation committee of any entity that has one or more executive officers serving on our Board of Directors or Compensation and Talent Committee. Director Onboarding Moderna conducts an orientation program for each new director to familiarize that individual with our business and strategic plans, key policies and practices, principal officers and management structure, auditing and compliance processes, and Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. Directors are required to reaffirm their compliance with our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics annually. How to Contact the Board Any person who wishes to contact the Board can do so: By e-mail to ir@modernatx.com; or By reaching our Corporate Secretary as described on page 88 under Information about the 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders How can I contact the Corporate Secretary? . Any person who has a concern about Moderna s conduct, including with respect to accounting, internal controls, or auditing matters, may, in a confidential or anonymous manner, communicate that concern to our Compliance Officer: By e-mail to ComplianceOfficer@modernatx.com (anonymity cannot be maintained); In writing (which may be done anonymously), by mail to Moderna, Inc., Attention: Compliance Officer, 325 Binney Street, Cambridge, Massachusetts 02142; Online at https://moderna.whispli.com (which may be done anonymously); or By calling the Compliance Hotline at 844-971-2551. Any person who wishes to communicate directly with the Audit Committee may do so through the channels mentioned above, directing their communication to the attention of the Chair of the Audit Committee. 28 Moderna 2026 Proxy statement Governance Shareholder Recommendations for Director Candidates The Nominating Committee welcomes recommendations from shareholders for director candidates. Shareholder-recommended candidates will be evaluated in the same manner as candidates that come to the committee s attention from other sources. To recommend a director candidate, a shareholder should send the following information to our Corporate Secretary as described on page 88 under Information about the 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders How can I contact the Corporate Secretary? : such shareholder s name and address of record; a representation that such shareholder is a record holder of the Company s securities, or if the shareholder is not a record holder, evidence of ownership in accordance with Rule 14a-8(b)(2) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act); the candidate s name, age, business and residence address; the educational background, current principal occupation or employment, and principal occupation or employment for the preceding five full years of the candidate; a description of the qualifications and background of the candidate, which address the minimum qualifications and other criteria for Board membership approved by the Board; a description of all arrangements or understandings between the shareholder and the candidate; and all information relating to such candidate that is required to be disclosed in solicitations of proxies for election of directors in an election contest pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act (including such person s written consent to being named in the proxy statement as a nominee and to serving as a director if elected). The Nominating Committee may seek further information from or about the shareholder making the recommendation and the recommended director candidate, including information about all business and other relationships between the director candidate and the shareholder. Any shareholder recommendation for a director candidate must be submitted to the Company not less than 120 calendar days prior to the date on which the Company s proxy statement was released to shareholders in connection with the previous year s annual meeting. 2026 Proxy statement Moderna 29 Director Compensation Annual Cash Retainers Our non-employee directors are eligible to receive the following cash retainers, which are pro-rated for partial-year service or time as Committee chairs, and are paid quarterly: Annual Retainer for service on the Board of Directors $ 80,000 Additional Annual Retainer for service as: Non-Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors $ 50,000 Committee Chair $ 20,000 Equity Grants Upon election to our Board of Directors, each non-employee director is granted equity awards with an aggregate targeted grant date fair value of $400,000 (the Initial Grant), of which 75% is delivered in stock options and 25% is delivered in restricted stock units (RSUs). The stock option and RSU portions of the Initial Grant vest in full on the one-year anniversary of the grant date if the recipient has continuously served as our director for that year. On the date of each annual meeting of shareholders, each continuing non-employee director is granted equity awards with an aggregate targeted grant date fair value of $425,000 (the Annual Grant). Our directors may choose to have the value of each Annual Grant delivered solely as stock options, solely as RSUs, or in the form of a mix of RSUs and stock options as chosen by each non-employee director. The stock option and RSU portions of the Annual Grant vest in full on the earlier of the one-year anniversary of the grant date and the next annual meeting of shareholders, if the recipient has continuously served as a director through the applicable vesting date. The stock option portion of each director equity grant has an exercise price per share equal to the closing price of a share of Moderna s common stock on the date of grant, and an expiration period of ten years from the grant date. The number of stock options granted for any director equity grant is determined by dividing the value attributable to the stock option award by the product of (i) the average closing stock price over the preceding 20-trading days up to and including the last trading day immediately preceding the grant date and (ii) the Black-Scholes ratio, which is calculated using the Black-Scholes value of a stock option on the grant date divided by the closing stock price on the effective date of grant. The number of RSUs granted for any director equity grant is determined by dividing the value attributable to the RSU award by the average closing stock price over the preceding 20-trading days up to and including the last trading day immediately preceding the grant date. If a new non-employee director joins our Board of Directors between annual meetings of shareholders, then such non-employee director will be granted a pro-rata portion of the Annual Grant based on the time between such director s appointment and our next annual meeting of shareholders. The director equity grants are subject to full accelerated vesting upon a sale event, as defined in the Company s 2018 Stock Option and Incentive Plan, as amended from time to time (the 2018 Stock Plan). Other Compensation Details The aggregate amount of cash and equity compensation paid to any non-employee director in a calendar year may not exceed $1,500,000 for the first year of service and $1,000,000 for each year of service thereafter (or such other limits as may be set forth in the 2018 Stock Plan or any similar provision of a successor plan). Employee directors receive no additional compensation for their service as a director. We reimburse all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by directors for their attendance at meetings of our Board of Directors or any committee thereof. We have in the past provided, and may in the future provide, security services to our directors. 30 Moderna 2026 Proxy statement Director Compensation Non-Employee Director Stock Ownership Policy Our Stock Ownership Policy provides that on or before the December 31st following the fifth anniversary of an individual director s appointment to the Board, each non-employee director must own shares of Moderna s common stock equal to at least six times the amount of the annual cash retainer paid for regular service on the Board, before committee fees (i.e., $480,000 of Moderna stock). For more information, see Equity-Related Policies and Practices Non-Employee Director and Executive Officer Stock Ownership Policy, on page 62 . Each of Dr. Afeyan, Dr. Nader and Mr. Sagan own more than the required amount of Moderna stock under the Stock Ownership Policy. As of December 31, 2025, Dr. Horning and Ms. Tallett did not own the required amount of Moderna stock, despite neither having ever sold any Moderna shares. As of December 31, 2025, all of their vested stock options were underwater. Per the Stock Ownership Policy, both will continue to hold 100% of the net shares received as a result of the exercise or vesting of any Moderna equity awards received until the ownership requirement is met. The other non-employee directors were each appointed to the Board less than five years prior to December 31, 2025. Non-Employee Director Compensation Table The following table provides information regarding the total compensation that was earned by or paid to each of our non-employee directors during the year ended December 31, 2025. Mr. Bancel, our Chief Executive Officer, did not receive any additional compensation for his service as a director. Mr. Bancel s compensation is discussed in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis and compensation tables, which begin on page 42 . The amounts below for Option Awards and Stock Awards reflect the grant date fair value of these awards, which vary from the target value due to the fact that the number of RSUs and stock options granted was calculated based upon the 20-trading day trailing average closing price prior to grant, as described under Equity Grants, above. Name Fees Earned or Paid in Cash Stock Awards (1) Option Awards (1) All Other Compensation Total Noubar Afeyan, Ph.D. (2) $ 130,000 $ $ 463,281 $65,142 (3) $ 658,423 Sandra Horning, M.D. (4) 100,000 463,290 563,290 Abbas Hussain (5) 80,000 463,290 543,290 Elizabeth Nabel, M.D. (6) 80,000 463,290 543,290 Fran ois Nader, M.D. (7) 120,000 347,446 115,821 583,267 David Rubenstein (8) 80,000 231,631 231,641 543,272 Paul Sagan (9) 80,000 463,281 543,281 Elizabeth Tallett (10) 100,000 115,816 347,461 563,277 (1) The amounts reported represent the aggregate grant date fair value of the RSUs and stock options awarded to the non-employee directors in the year ended December 31, 2025, calculated in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 718. Such grant date fair values do not take into account any estimated forfeitures. The assumptions used in calculating the grant date fair value of the equity awards reported in these columns are set forth in Note 13 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended December 31, 2025, included in our Annual Report. The amounts reported in these columns reflect the grant date fair value for each award, and, together, differ from the targeted amounts for the Initial Grant or Annual Grant, as applicable, due to the fact that a 20-trading day trailing average closing price convention is used for calculating the number of RSUs and stock options granted. (2) As of December 31, 2025, Dr. Afeyan held outstanding options to purchase a total of 204,137 shares of our common stock, 178,625 of which were vested. Dr. Afeyan is affiliated with Flagship Pioneering, Inc. and prior to 2018, Flagship Pioneering, Inc. was granted equity for Dr. Afeyan s service on our Board of Directors. As of December 31, 2025, Flagship Pioneering, Inc. held options to purchase a total of 9,263 shares of our common stock that were issued for such service, all of which were vested. See Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management for additional information regarding Flagship Pioneering s and its affiliated entities beneficial ownership of our common stock. (3) The amount reported represents incremental costs borne by the Company for the provision of security services to Dr. Afeyan in response to a heightened threat environment in early 2025. 2026 Proxy statement Moderna 31 Director Compensation (4) As of December 31, 2025, Dr. Horning held (i) options to purchase a total of 55,409 shares of our common stock, all of which were vested, and (ii) 16,233 unvested RSUs. (5) As of December 31, 2025, Mr. Hussain held (i) options to purchase a total of 13,193 shares of our common stock, all of which were vested, and (ii) 16,233 unvested RSUs. (6) As of December 31, 2025, Dr. Nabel held (i) options to purchase a total of 19,550 shares of our common stock, all of which were vested, and (ii) 16,233 unvested RSUs. (7) As of December 31, 2025, Dr. Nader held options to purchase a total of 82,344 shares of our common stock, 75,966 of which were vested, and (ii) 12,174 unvested RSUs. (8) As of December 31, 2025, Mr. Rubenstein held (i) options to purchase a total of 21,872 shares of our common stock, 9,116 of which were vested, and (ii) 8,116 unvested RSUs. (9) As of December 31, 2025, Mr. Sagan held options to purchase a total of 158,388 shares of our common stock, 132,876 of which were vested. (10) As of December 31, 2025, Ms. Tallett held options to purchase 66,140 shares of our common stock, 47,006 of which were vested, and (ii) 4,058 unvested RSUs. 32 Moderna 2026 Proxy statement Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions Other than the ordinary course compensation agreements described under the sections entitled Director Compensation and Compensation Discussion and Analysis and the indemnification agreements described below, since January 1, 2025, there has not been and there is not currently proposed, any transaction or series of similar transactions to which we were, or will be, a party in which the amount involved exceeded, or will exceed, $120,000 and in which any director, executive officer, holder of five percent or more of any class of Moderna s capital stock, or any member of the immediate family of, or entities affiliated with, any of the foregoing persons, had, or will have, a direct or indirect material interest. Indemnification Agreements We have entered into agreements to indemnify our directors and executive officers. These agreements will, among other things, require us to indemnify these individuals, to the maximum extent allowed under Delaware law, for certain expenses (including attorneys fees), judgments, fines, and settlement amounts they reasonably incur in any action or proceeding, including any action by or in our right, on account of any services undertaken by such person on behalf of Moderna or that person s status as a member of our Board of Directors. Policies for Approval of Related Party Transactions We have adopted a written policy providing that our Audit Committee is responsible for reviewing and overseeing related party transactions. For purposes of this policy, a related person is defined as (i) any Moderna director or executive officer, (ii) any director nominee, (iii) security holders known to us to beneficially own more than five percent of any class of Moderna s voting securities, or (iv) the immediate family members of any of such persons. In reviewing any related party transaction, the Audit Committee will take into account, among other factors that it deems appropriate, whether the transaction is on terms no less favorable to Moderna than terms generally available in a transaction with an unaffiliated third-party under the same or similar circumstances and the extent of the related person s interest in the transaction. 2026 Proxy statement Moderna 33 Corporate Responsibility At Moderna, our corporate social responsibility program is built on a foundation of integrity, quality and respect. These values provide a foundation for us to advance and support long-term programs that demonstrate our commitment to patients, employees, the environment and our local communities. Our Nominating Committee oversees general corporate responsibility matters and practices, while our Compensation Committee oversees human capital matters. These committees reports to the full Board on these matters and our progress on sustainability initiatives. Our Chief Legal Officer, reporting to our CEO, leads our environmental, social and governance reporting, with Executive Committee members overseeing additional elements of particular initiatives. Included below is a description of several topics that we view as key to promoting our long-term value and impact. In August 2025, we published our fourth annual Impacting Human Health Report, which provides further detail on these initiatives, including those discussed below. We encourage investors and other stakeholders to review our Impacting Human Health Report, which can be found on our website at http://www.modernatx.com under the Responsibility Corporate policies reporting section. Medicines for Patients Moderna s mission is to deliver the greatest possible impact to people through mRNA medicines. We continue to accelerate the development of safe and effective mRNA medicines, and we expect our investments in preclinical and clinical research and development to help us advance potentially life-changing medicines where there are few or, in many cases, no treatment or prevention options available. These areas include infectious diseases, cancer, rare diseases, and more. Our commitment to delivering on our mission is reflected across a number of key initiatives that are discussed at greater length in our Impacting Human Health Report: Global Public Health Strategy: We are focused on developing vaccines against priority pathogens, as identified in the World Health Organization s R D Blueprint and those identified by the Coalition for Epidemic Preparedness Innovations (CEPI). Our mRNA Access program enables researchers around the world to utilize our mRNA technology platform to pursue research in their own labs on emerging and neglected infectious diseases. Access to Medicines: We have developed a set of Access Principles that reflect our commitment to access, including developing a broad portfolio of medicines to address unmet needs, applying differential pricing frameworks and working with partners to broaden access. Pandemic Influenza: In December 2025, we entered into an agreement with CEPI, whereby CEPI agreed to provide funding, up to $54.3 million, for the pivotal Phase 3 trial for our mRNA pandemic influenza vaccine candidate. If licensure is granted, we agreed to allocate 20% of our H5 pandemic vaccine manufacturing capacity for timely supply to low- and middle-income countries at affordable pricing. Medicines for Rare Diseases: Our platform has demonstrated the potential to address rare diseases for which there is no treatment or cure. Our program for propionic acidemia (PA) is in a registrational study and target enrollment has been reached. In January 2026, we entered into a strategic collaboration with Recordati, an international pharmaceutical group, to advance mRNA-3927 through the final stage of clinical development and, if approved, global commercialization. We expect to begin a registrational study for our program for methylmalonic acidemia (MMA) in 2026. Environment At Moderna, we believe that it is our responsibility to grow our company in a way that protects the planet and minimizes adverse impacts on the environment. As we expand our manufacturing capabilities, we integrate environmental considerations into facility design, operations and value chain management. Our approach centers on sustainability by design, natural resource conservation and value chain decarbonization. We prioritize energy efficiency and incorporate electrification and lower-carbon design into new facility development, while advancing system optimization and reductions in energy, water and material intensity across our operations. We have established near-term and long-term greenhouse gas emissions reduction targets validated by the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi). We are advancing these targets through operational improvements, renewable energy procurement and supplier engagement. 34 Moderna 2026 Proxy statement ESG Topics Human Capital Management We recognize that our employees are key to our mission of delivering the greatest possible impact to people through mRNA medicines. As an organization, we are bold, collaborative, curious and relentless. These values are underpinned by a core set of what we call basecamp values integrity, quality, respect. Additionally, we have articulated the Moderna Mindsets, which define how we behave, lead and make decisions. We believe our Mindsets are integral to our future success, and we continue to integrate them into every facet of how we identify, onboard, grow and manage our talent. Our Mindsets We act with urgency We pursue options in parallel We accept risk We push past possible We behave like owners We act with dynamic range We obsess over learning We pivot fearlessly We question convention We remove viscosity We prioritize the platform We digitize everywhere possible We had approximately 4,700 full-time employees globally as of December 31, 2025. Additional statistics on our employees can be found in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, under the heading Human Capital. To help promote alignment between our employees and our shareholders, all full-time employees participate in our equity programs through the receipt of equity awards, and the percentage of equity as a component of overall pay mix increases with seniority. We believe that in addition to incentivizing growth that leads to shareholder value, broad eligibility for our equity programs further embeds our We Act Like Owners mindset and helps promote employee retention as these awards generally vest over a four-year period. Our employees are highly engaged, and our Company and team have been publicly recognized for our leadership, innovation and good corporate citizenship. Science magazine has ranked us as a top employer for each of the last eleven years. Additionally, in 2025, Biospace ranked us a top large employer in its 2026 Best Places to Work in Biopharma report for the fifth consecutive year. We measure employee engagement through a vendor-supplied engagement software, using validated external benchmarks to track employee engagement factors. Community Through the Moderna Charitable Foundation, which we launched in 2022, we continue to be committed to creating change for a healthier world by investing in health, science and community. We aspire to make a lasting impact in these focus areas through grant-making activity, by supporting relief efforts during humanitarian crises, and by supporting organizations that matter to Moderna employees through the Foundation s matching gifts program. During 2025, the Moderna Charitable Foundation made grants totaling approximately $4.3 million to local and global non-profit organizations working on causes aligned with the Foundation s mission, as well as $1.0 million in donations to match employee giving. We encourage individual employee volunteerism by providing our people with paid time off to volunteer with the organizations of their choice. During 2025, Moderna employees contributed more than 5,200 hours of tracked volunteer service in support of community organizations globally. 2026 Proxy statement Moderna 35 Management Set forth below are the biographies for our current Executive Committee members. These individuals are critical to Moderna s success and are responsible for leading our company to its next stage of development. St phane Bancel, 53 Chief Executive Officer Education cole Centrale Paris, Master of Engineering University of Minnesota, Master of Science in Chemical Engineering Harvard Business School, M.B.A. As Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Bancel chairs the Executive Committee and is responsible for executing on the strategy and operations for Moderna. Before joining Moderna, Mr. Bancel served for five years as CEO of the French diagnostics company bioM rieux SA. From July 2000 to March 2006, he served in various roles at Eli Lilly and Company, including as Managing Director, Belgium, and as Executive Director, Global Manufacturing Strategy and Supply Chain. Prior to Eli Lilly, Mr. Bancel served as Asia-Pacific Sales and Marketing Director for bioM rieux. He is currently a Venture Partner at Flagship Pioneering. Mr. Bancel was nominated Chevalier of the Legion d'honneur in 2022, the highest recognition in France, and was elected to the U.S. National Academy of Engineering in 2024. Joined Moderna and in current role since October 2011 David Berman, M.D., Ph.D., 55 Chief Development Officer Education Massachusetts Institute of Technology, S.B. in Biology University of Texas Southwestern Medical School, M.D., Ph.D. Dr. Berman oversees Moderna s development strategy and is responsible for Moderna s development organization. Before joining Moderna in March 2026, Dr. Berman was employed by Immunocore from 2018 to 2026, most recently as Executive Vice President and Head of Research and Development. He completed an anatomic pathology residency at the National Cancer Institute and a fellowship at the Johns Hopkins Hospital. Joined Moderna and in current role since March 2026 Jerh Collins, 60 Chief Technical Operations and Quality Officer Education University College Cork, Bachelor of Science in Chemistry University College Cork, Ph.D. in Organic Chemistry Dr. Collins oversees technical development, quality, and preclinical, clinical and commercial supply. Before joining Moderna in October 2022, Dr. Collins was employed by Novartis from 1993 to 2022, most recently as Chief Culture Officer. During his nearly 30 years at Novartis, Dr. Collins held roles of increasing responsibility focused on pharmaceutical production and manufacturing, including roles serving as Head of Global Chemical Operations and Anti-Infectives and as Head of Global Chemical Operations. Joined Moderna in October 2022 and in current role since January 2023 Tracey Franklin, 46 Chief People and Digital Technology Officer Education Pennsylvania State University, B.A. in Communication Arts and Sciences Fairleigh Dickinson University, Masters in Industrial and Organizational Psychology Ms. Franklin oversees Moderna s talent, digital initiatives and organizational strategy. Ms. Franklin joined Moderna in October 2019 as our Chief Human Resources Officer, before becoming our Chief People and Digital Technology Officer in November 2024. Before joining Moderna, she was employed by Merck Co. from 2004 to 2019 in positions of increasing responsibility, including most recently Vice President, HR Chief Talent and Strategy Officer. Ms. Franklin s previous leadership roles included responsibility for HR for all divisions in the European region, head of HR for the UK and Ireland subsidiaries of Merck, and HR Operations leader responsible for HR program implementation across Merck s global footprint. She was based in Switzerland, the UK and the U.S. Joined Moderna in October 2019 and in current role since November 2024 36 Moderna 2026 Proxy statement Management Stephen Hoge, M.D., 50 President Education Amherst College, B.A. in Neuroscience University of California, San Francisco, M.D. Dr. Hoge oversees Moderna s commercial organization and is responsible for strategy across research development, medical affairs and commercial functions. Before joining Moderna in January 2013, he was employed by McKinsey Company from 2005 to 2012, in roles of increasing responsibility, most recently as a Partner and a leader in the firm s healthcare practice. Dr. Hoge was a resident physician from 2004 to 2005 at New York University/Bellevue Hospital. Joined Moderna in January 2013 and in current role since November 2024 Shannon Thyme Klinger, 54 Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary Education University of Notre Dame, B.A. in psychology University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, J.D. Ms. Klinger oversees legal matters for Moderna, including corporate governance, intellectual property, litigation, compliance, privacy, as well as environmental, social and governance reporting, and global security. She is also the President of the Moderna Charitable Foundation. Before joining Moderna in June 2021, she was employed by Novartis from 2011 to 2021, most recently as Chief Legal Officer and a member of the Novartis Executive Committee. While at Novartis, Ms. Klinger also served as the Chief Ethics, Risk and Compliance Officer and Global Head of Litigation, and as Global Head of Legal at Sandoz, a Novartis division. She began her in-house career at Barr Laboratories before joining Solvay Pharmaceuticals as Senior Vice President and General Counsel. Ms. Klinger was previously a partner with Alston Bird. Joined Moderna and in current role since June 2021 Rose Loughlin, Ph.D., 42 Executive Vice President, Research Education Harvard University, A.B. in Physics University of California, Berkeley, Ph.D. in Biophysics Dr. Loughlin oversees Moderna s platform science and therapeutics research organization and is responsible for strengthening the Company s pipeline. Dr. Loughlin previously led our research and early development functions for several years, with responsibility for platform research, therapeutics discovery and non-clinical development. Before joining Moderna in 2016, Dr. Loughlin was employed by Biogen, Inc. from 2013 to 2015, in business development roles. Dr. Loughlin also previously worked at L.E.K. Consulting. Joined Moderna in January 2016 and in current role since November 2024 James Mock, 49 Chief Financial Officer Education St. Lawrence University, B.A. in economics Mr. Mock oversees Moderna s accounting, financial planning and analysis, business development, treasury, real estate, investor relations, communications, internal audit, tax and procurement functions. Before joining Moderna in September 2022, he was employed by PerkinElmer from 2018 to 2022 as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Mock joined PerkinElmer from General Electric, where he served in a number of positions between 1999 and 2018, most recently as Vice President, Corporate Audit Staff. Joined Moderna and in current role since September 2022 2026 Proxy statement Moderna 37 PROPOSAL 2 The Board of Directors recommends a vote FOR approval, on a non-binding, advisory basis, of the compensation of the Company s Named Executive Officers. Non-binding Advisory Vote to Approve the Compensation of Our Named Executive Officers Our Board of Directors is committed to excellence in governance. Consistent with good governance practices and the requirements of the Dodd-Frank Act, shareholders have the opportunity to approve, on a non-binding, advisory basis, the compensation of Moderna s named executive officers. This is commonly known as a say on pay proposal. The say on pay proposal is not intended to address any specific item of compensation or the compensation of any particular officer, but rather the overall compensation of our named executive officers and our compensation philosophy, policies, and practices discussed in this proxy statement. The compensation of our named executive officers is disclosed in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis, the compensation tables, and the related narrative disclosure contained in this proxy statement. As discussed in these disclosures, we believe that our compensation policies and decisions are based on principles that reflect a pay-for-performance philosophy and are strongly aligned with our shareholders interests and consistent with current market practices. Our executive compensation program is designed to enable us to attract and retain talented and experienced executives to lead us successfully in a competitive environment. We are asking our shareholders to vote for the following resolution: RESOLVED, that the Company s shareholders approve, on a non-binding, advisory basis, the compensation of the Company s named executive officers, as disclosed in this proxy statement, including the Compensation Discussion and Analysis, compensation tables and narrative discussion. Before you vote, we recommend that you read the Executive Compensation section that follows for complete information on our executive compensation programs and philosophy. This vote is advisory, and therefore not binding on Moderna, the Board of Directors, or the Compensation and Talent Committee. However, our Board of Directors and Compensation and Talent Committee value your opinion and intend to consider the outcome of the vote when making compensation decisions in the future. Vote Required This non-binding, advisory proposal will be approved if it receives an affirmative vote of a majority of the votes properly cast. If you ABSTAIN from voting on Proposal No. 2, the abstention will have no effect on the results of this vote. 38 Moderna 2026 Proxy statement Letter from the Compensation and Talent Committee Dear Fellow Shareholders, As Chair of Moderna s Compensation and Talent Committee ( Committee ), I am writing to provide context on the Committee s approach to executive compensation, the decisions made regarding 2025 executive compensation, and how those decisions align with Moderna s performance, strategy, and the interests of our shareholders. The period following the COVID-19 pandemic has required Moderna to operate in a more complex business environment. As the Company transitioned from an unprecedented period of demand to a challenging commercial setting, the Board and management focused on what was within our control: strong execution, continued scientific progress, and rigorous financial discipline. In 2025, while revenue remained under pressure in a contracting market, Moderna executed well against these priorities advancing its pipeline, securing multiple regulatory approvals, streamlining manufacturing capabilities, and delivering substantial cash cost reductions that materially strengthened the Company s financial foundation and positioned it for future growth. Against this backdrop, the Committee remained focused on maintaining a compensation framework that reinforces pay-for-performance, supports the execution of Moderna s s