=== MRNA_2026-02-20.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors You should carefully consider the following risks and uncertainties, together with all other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Any of the risk factors we describe below could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations and the market price of our common stock. Risks related to commercialization and our products Regulatory and market uncertainty have and may continue to impact our business and the markets for our products. Our ability to successfully commercialize our approved vaccines and any future products depends in part on evolving regulatory requirements, public health recommendations and market acceptance. In 2025, changes at U.S. regulatory agencies impacted policies and priorities related to our industry. For example, changes in FDA regulatory policies, post-marketing safety monitoring, and evidentiary expectations, as well as CDC and Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices (ACIP) recommendations regarding eligibility, target populations, and vaccination practices, may have affected and may continue to affect demand for our vaccines. Some of these changes, including new post-marketing commitments, have impacted and may in the future impact our costs. Ongoing regulatory uncertainty and evolving regulatory and public health guidance could impact future approvals, advisory committee recommendations, acceptance and demand for our existing or future products. Vaccination rates in the future may also be lower than our expectations due to other factors, including viral evolution, medical need and consumer motivation to vaccinate. These and other factors may make it difficult to accurately forecast vaccination rates for our products. If demand for COVID vaccines continues to decline, we lose significant market share, or our products are subject to significant competitive pricing pressure, our product sales may not materialize consistent with our projections. Beyond COVID, we have experienced challenges in the RSV market, in part due to advisory committee recommendations that were more limited than anticipated. Furthermore, our decisions regarding seasonal vaccine development, including for COVID-19, will be informed by annual guidance from the FDA and foreign regulators, which may impact the timing of development for our COVID vaccines. Different regulators have in the past and may in the future issue varying guidance regarding vaccine composition or populations who should receive a vaccine. Additionally, if our efforts to develop variant-specific vaccines are delayed or not as successful as our competitors , we could suffer reputational harm, loss of market share and adverse financial results. We may expend significant resources adapting our vaccines or conducting clinical trials to protect against variants, but a market for our adapted vaccines may fail to develop or demand may not align with our projections or cost expenditures. We may experience difficulties executing our near-term strategy and prioritized pipeline. While we expect to launch multiple new products over the next several years, our ability to commercialize our pipeline is subject to many risks, including those described elsewhere in these Risk Factors under Risks related to our pipeline, product development and regulatory review and Risks related to the manufacturing of our commercial products and product candidates. If we do not successfully execute our near-term plan for growing our infectious disease vaccine franchise, our ability to invest in our pipeline, including our oncology and rare disease programs, may suffer. Furthermore, our broad clinical success and post-pandemic commercial challenges have necessitated a more selective and paced approach to our research and development investment. If we do not successfully implement our cost efficiency and prioritization programs, we may fail to meet our cash breakeven goal. Additionally, as we pursue development of our prioritized programs, we may forego or delay pursuit of other opportunities that could prove to have greater commercial potential. If our prioritized programs are unsuccessful, or not as successful as others could have been, we may be unable to realize a sustainable return on our investments and or achieve long-term growth. The vaccine market, and pharmaceutical market more generally, is intensely competitive, and we may be unable to compete effectively in the market for existing or new products, treatment methods or technologies. We compete with larger, well-established and experienced pharmaceutical companies for sales of our products, including against Pfizer and Sanofi for sales of our COVID vaccines and Pfizer and GSK for our RSV vaccine. Additionally, we have been excluded from selling our COVID vaccines in many European markets due to a competitor s contract with the European Commission, which does not lapse until year-end 2026. For RSV vaccines, we entered a market already occupied by two larger competitors and may continue to face difficulties achieving market share. These competitors have exploited and may in the future exploit their greater size, infrastructure, resources and experience to gain advantages in contracting with customers by, among other things, bundling their products, leveraging larger supply chains and greater purchasing power and utilizing their global networks. 43 In addition, certain U.S. private vaccine market practices, including regarding discounts, rebates and returns, may cause us to realize significantly lower revenues than list prices. We may also be adversely affected by similar market practices outside of the United States. In some instances, our competitors have been able to offer more attractive terms than we can, and they may continue to do so in the future. More generally, the pharmaceutical market is highly competitive and certain of the disease areas we are targeting present particularly high competitive risk. For example, the oncology market is intensely competitive, innovative and fast-moving. Other companies, academic institutions, governmental agencies and public and private research organizations are developing products that may compete with programs in our development pipeline. These competitors may have products that have already been approved and accepted by the medical community or are in later stages of development. For example, we are developing a seasonal flu vaccine, for which there is a well-developed market , and we may need to offer more favorable terms to gain market share (which we may be unable to do), which may negatively impact our profitability. Additionally, competitive products may make any products we develop obsolete or noncompetitive before we can recover the expenses of developing and commercializing our products. In oncology, standards of care often evolve rapidly, and changes during the development or commercialization of our product candidates could reduce their clinical relevance, complicate clinical trial design, increase development costs or timelines, or limit commercial adoption, even for programs that show promising early results. Additionally, our products may struggle to compete against competitors products for a variety of reasons, including relative safety and effectiveness, degree of any side effects, shelf-life, ease of administration and the extent to which patients accept relatively new routes of administration, the timing and scope of regulatory approvals, the availability and cost of manufacturing, distribution, marketing and sales capabilities, price, reimbursement coverage and patent protection. Even if our products demonstrate superiority to competitors products, consumers and retailers may fail to appreciate that benefit, or existing purchase commitments with competitors may discourage them from purchasing from us. These factors, or the perception of these factors, could lead to a competitor s product being more successfully commercialized. Further, the mRNA medicines field is growing rapidly, with increased competitive pressure from large and more established pharmaceutical companies. The actual or perceived success or failure of others may adversely impact our ability to commercialize our products. See Business Government Regulation Coverage and reimbursement. We have experienced commercial challenges and may experience additional challenges in the future. We face risks and uncertainties related to successfully commercializing our products. In the past, commercial challenges have led to lower-than-expected sales and required us to adapt our business strategy. Moving forward, we may need to dedicate greater resources to our commercial efforts than we anticipate, and we may not realize a return on this investment. Additionally, we may be unsuccessful in accurately anticipating future rates of return for our products, which may adversely impact our accounting estimates. Furthermore, we may seek to enter into agreements with others to utilize their marketing and distribution capabilities, but may be unable to enter into agreements on favorable terms, if at all. If we rely on others to commercialize our products, our revenues may be lower than if we commercialized these products ourselves. In addition, we may have little or no control over such third parties sales efforts. If our partners commit insufficient resources to commercialize our products, and we cannot independently develop necessary marketing capabilities, we may be unable to generate sufficient product revenue to sustain our business. The commercial success of our products depends on the degree of market acceptance by physicians, patients, third-party payors and others in the medical community. The degree of market acceptance of our products will depend on numerous factors, including: efficacy and potential advantages over alternative treatments; the duration of protection provided by our products compared to those of our competitors; acceptance of mRNA products generally and the availability of competing non-mRNA medicines that may be preferred by the medical community or the public; safety and the prevalence and severity of any side effects, including any limitations, restrictions (including for use together with other medicines) or warnings contained in a product s approved labeling; the prevalence and severity of any side effects resulting from checkpoint inhibitors or other products or therapies with which our products are co-administered; relative convenience and ease of administration; the willingness of the target patient population to try, and physicians to prescribe, new therapies; the strength of marketing and distribution support and timing of market introduction of competitive products; whether our product presentation meets customer demand ; publicity and health authority communications concerning our products or competing products and treatments; and 44 product cost and sufficient third-party insurance coverage or reimbursement, and patients willingness to pay out-of-pocket in the absence of third-party coverage or adequate reimbursement. Even if a product candidate shows a favorable efficacy and safety profile in clinical trials, market acceptance will be unknown until after it is launched. Our efforts to educate the medical community and third-party payors on the benefits of our products may require significant resources and may never be successful. Sales of pharmaceutical products depend on the availability and extent of reimbursement from third-party payors, and we may be adversely impacted by changes to such reimbursement policies or rules. Sales of pharmaceutical products depend on adequate coverage, pricing and reimbursement from third-party payors. When a new product is approved, the availability and extent of government and private reimbursement, and the pricing, for that product may be uncertain. Additionally, pricing and reimbursement for any product we develop may be adversely affected by various factors, including: changes in, and implementation of, federal, state or foreign government regulations or private third-party payors reimbursement policies; pressure by employers on private health insurance plans to reduce costs; and consolidation and increasing assertiveness of payors seeking price discounts or rebates in connection with the placement of our products on their formularies and, in some cases, the imposition of restrictions on access or coverage of particular drugs or pricing determined based on perceived value. Our ability to set the price for any product we develop will vary significantly by country. Our inability to obtain and maintain adequate prices in a particular country may limit the revenues from our products within that country and adversely affect our ability to secure acceptable prices in existing and potential new markets, which may limit market growth. This may create the opportunity for third-party cross-border trade or influence our decision whether to sell a product, thus adversely affecting our geographic expansion plans and revenues. Many payors continue to adopt benefit plan changes that shift a greater portion of prescription costs to patients, including more limited benefit plan designs, higher patient co-pay or co-insurance obligations and limitations on patients use of commercial manufacturer co-pay payment assistance programs. Significant consolidation in the health insurance industry has resulted in a few large insurers and pharmacy benefit managers exerting greater pressure in pricing and usage negotiations with drug manufacturers, significantly increasing discounts and rebates required of manufacturers and limiting patient access and usage. Further consolidation among insurers, pharmacy benefit managers and other payors would increase the negotiating leverage such entities have over us and other drug manufacturers. Additional discounts, rebates, coverage or plan changes, restrictions or exclusions as described above could have a material adverse effect on sales of our affected products, particularly our therapeutic products or those that are individualized for a particular patient. Coverage and reimbursement by a third-party payor may depend on various factors, including the third-party payor s determination that use of a product is a covered benefit under its health plan, safe, effective and medically necessary, appropriate for the specific patient, cost-effective and neither experimental nor investigational. Additionally, target patient populations for some of our product candidates may be small (e.g., for rare diseases) or require individual customization (e.g., for intismeran autogene). The pricing and reimbursement of our medicines, if approved, must be adequate to support commercial infrastructure. If we cannot obtain adequate levels of reimbursement, we may be unable to successfully market and sell our products. Further, inadequate reimbursement for services related to our products (e.g., for administration to patients) may discourage physicians from prescribing or recommending our products, adversely affecting our ability to market or sell those products. Federal legislative and regulatory efforts to implement reference pricing or most-favored-nation pricing models and other, similar regulatory actions could impact our product revenues and materially harm our business. On May 12, 2025, President Trump issued an executive order calling on pharmaceutical manufacturers to voluntarily reduce the prices of medicines in the U.S. and directing the Secretary of Health and Human Services (HHS) to communicate price targets to pharmaceutical manufacturers to align prices with those in comparably developed nations, an approach commonly referred to as "most-favored-nation" (MFN) pricing and, in the event significant progress towards MFN pricing is not delivered, to propose rulemaking to impose MFN pricing. MFN pricing models in the U.S. could also affect our international pricing strategy and future decisions on reimbursement and commercialization in certain jurisdictions. If our U.S. pricing becomes tied to international reference prices, we may face decisions regarding pricing in foreign markets that could result in reduced patient access internationally, affect our relationships with foreign regulatory authorities and payers, or impact our ability to obtain or maintain reimbursement approvals in ex-U.S. markets. 45 These reforms remain subject to change, potential legal challenges, or expansion through additional rulemaking or sub regulatory guidance, creating uncertainty for our overall pricing strategy. It remains to be seen whether and how these drug pricing initiatives will apply to our products, how they will affect the broader pharmaceutical industry, and whether similar reform measures may be adopted in the future. The market opportunities for our products and product candidates may be smaller than we believe, or we may be unable to successfully identify clinical trial participants. We focus certain of our research and development activities on treatments for severe rare genetic diseases, where patient populations are small and difficult to ascertain. Additionally, our products may only be approved for certain populations or lines of treatment. Our estimates of addressable patient populations are based on our beliefs and are derived from a variety of sources, including scientific literature, surveys of clinics, patient foundations or market research, and may prove to be incorrect. Further, new studies may change the estimated incidence or prevalence of these diseases. The number of trial participants may be lower than expected and potential clinical trial participants or patients may not be otherwise amenable to treatment with our product candidates or products, or new clinical trial participants or patients may become increasingly difficult to identify or gain access to. Even if we obtain significant market share for our products, if approved, because the potential target populations are small, these medicines may never be profitable. Furthermore, the size of markets that we target may be impacted by health authority recommendations regarding who should receive our products, which may be impacted by the new U.S. federal government administration. Risks related to our pipeline, product development and regulatory review If we cannot obtain, or are delayed in obtaining, regulatory approvals and advisory committee recommendations, we will be unable to effectively commercialize, or will be delayed in commercializing, our product candidates. Any products we may develop are subject to comprehensive regulation by the FDA and comparable foreign regulators. To obtain required regulatory approvals to commercialize any product candidate, we must demonstrate through extensive preclinical studies and clinical trials that our products are safe and effective for their intended use. In addition, regulators conduct pre-approval inspections and negative findings may lead to delay in approval and failure to commercialize a product candidate. Even once approved, products may be subject to recommendations from advisory committees, such as the ACIP, before or after they can be brought to market. To date, we have only received regulatory approvals for our COVID and RSV vaccines, and our current or future product candidates may never obtain regulatory approval or advisory committee recommendations . We may need to rely on third parties to assist us in making applications for marketing approvals. Preclinical studies and clinical trials conducted in one country may not be accepted by regulators elsewhere, and regulatory approval in one country does not guarantee approval in another. Regulators may require that we conduct additional clinical trials to support our applications for approval beyond our clinical development plans, which may result in increased expense and delays in bringing our products to market. Additionally, the process of obtaining marketing approvals is expensive, time-consuming and uncertain, and can vary substantially based on many factors, including the type, complexity and novelty of the product candidates involved. Changes in marketing approval policies during the development period, changes in law or changes in regulatory review may delay the review of a submitted product application. For example, recent FDA policy updates regarding COVID vaccine approvals and the evidence expected for certain populations could require additional clinical data or trials to support broader indications, delay approvals or supplemental applications, or result in more limited labeled populations, which could adversely affect the timing and scope of commercialization for our COVID vaccines, including updated or variant-adapted formulations. The FDA and comparable foreign regulators have substantial discretion in the approval process and may refuse to accept any marketing approval application or may decide that our data are insufficient for marketing approval and require additional preclinical, clinical or other studies. In addition, varying interpretations of the data obtained from preclinical and clinical testing could delay, limit or prevent marketing approval of a product candidate. Additional delays or non-approval may result if an FDA advisory committee or other regulator recommends non-approval or restrictions on approval. 46 Clinical development is lengthy and uncertain, and our clinical programs may be delayed or terminated, or may be more costly to conduct than we anticipate. Clinical testing is expensive, complex and lengthy, and its outcome is inherently uncertain. Most product candidates that commence clinical trials are never approved as products. Although we have demonstrated historical success with our platform technology, we may not continue to realize the same levels of success with clinical trials in the future. We and our strategic collaborators also may experience unforeseen events during, or as a result of, clinical trials that could delay or prevent us or them from successfully developing our product candidates and gaining approval from regulators. Such events could include: regulators, Institutional Review Boards (IRBs) or ethics committees may not authorize us or our investigators to commence a clinical trial or conduct a clinical trial at a prospective trial site; we may experience delays in reaching, or fail to reach, agreement on favorable terms with prospective trial sites and prospective contract research organizations (CROs); changes to the scale or site of our manufacturing could cause significant delays or changes in our clinical trial designs; the outcome of our preclinical studies and our early clinical trials may not be predictive of the success of later clinical trials, and interim results of a clinical trial do not necessarily predict final results; we may be unable to establish or achieve clinically meaningful endpoints for our studies; if we make changes to our product candidates after clinical trials have commenced (which we have done in the past), we may be required to repeat earlier stages or delay later stages of clinical testing; clinical trials of any product candidates may fail to show safety or efficacy, or may produce negative or inconclusive results, and we may decide, or regulators may require us, to conduct additional nonclinical studies or clinical trials, or we may decide to abandon product development programs; our product candidates, or other medicines in the same class as ours, may cause significant adverse events or other undesirable side effects, such as the immunogenicity of the LNPs or their components, the immunogenicity of the protein made by the mRNA or degradation products, any of which could lead to serious adverse events, or other effects; our third-party contractors may fail to comply with regulatory requirements or meet their contractual obligations to us in a timely manner, or at all, or may deviate from the applicable clinical trial protocol or withdraw from the applicable clinical trial, which may require that we add new clinical trial sites; regulators may impose a complete or partial clinical hold on a clinical trial (or a trial of another company working on mRNA medicines), or we or our investigators, IRBs or ethics committees may suspend or terminate clinical research or trials for various reasons, including quality events, noncompliance with regulatory requirements or a finding that participants are being exposed to an unacceptable benefit-risk ratio; the supply or quality of our product candidates or other materials necessary to conduct clinical trials may be insufficient or inadequate; safety and efficacy concerns regarding our product candidates will be considered by us and by the FDA and other regulators as we pursue clinical trials of new product candidates, develop effective informed consent documentation and work with IRBs and scientific review committees (SRCs); safety or efficacy concerns could arise from nonclinical or clinical testing of other therapies targeting a similar disease state or other therapies, such as gene therapy, that are perceived as similar to ours; adverse side effects could be observed in future clinical trials where our product candidates are administered in combination with other therapies (such as the co-administration of intismeran autogene ); delays in developing assays acceptable to the FDA or other regulators; and a lack of adequate funding to continue a particular clinical trial, including due to higher-than-anticipated costs. Additionally, we have conducted and may conduct in the future open-label clinical trials, where both the patient and investigator know whether the patient is receiving the investigational product candidate, an approved drug or a placebo. The results from an open-label clinical trial may not be predictive of future clinical trial results from a controlled environment with a placebo or active control. Further, the FDA or other regulators may change the requirements for approval even after they have reviewed and commented on the design for our clinical trials. Significant preclinical or nonclinical testing and studies or clinical trial delays for our product candidates could allow our competitors to bring products to market before we do and could harm our business. 47 There are risks unique to each of our programs and modalities and risks applicable across programs and modalities, which may delay or prevent our ability to advance one or more of our programs in clinical development, obtain regulatory approval or commercialize our products. Certain features in our product candidates, including those related to mRNA, chemical modifications, surface chemistries, LNPs and their components, may result in risks that apply to some or all of our programs and modalities. As our product candidates progress, we or others may determine that certain of our risk allocation decisions were incorrect or insufficient, we made platform-level technology mistakes, individual programs or our mRNA science in general has technology or biology risks that were unknown or under-appreciated, our choices on how to develop our infrastructure to support our scale will result in an inability to manufacture our product candidates for clinical trials or otherwise impair our manufacturing or we have allocated resources in such a way that we cannot recover large investments or rapidly re-direct capital. We utilize earlier programs in a modality to understand the technology risks within the modality, including the program s manufacturing and pharmaceutical properties. Even if our earlier programs in a modality are successful in any phase of development, other programs may fail at that stage, and any program may fail at a later phase of development . This may be a result of technical challenges or biology risk unique to that program. The biology risk across much of our pipeline represents targets and pathways not clinically validated by one or more approved drugs, and the risk that the targets or pathways that we have selected may not be effective will continue to apply across our current and future programs. As we progress our programs through clinical development, new technical challenges may arise that cause an entire modality to fail. Additionally, any portfolio-spanning risks, whether known or unknown, such as an increased risk of a particular type of side effect, if realized in any one of our programs, would have a material and adverse effect on our other programs and on our overall business. There are also specific additional risks to certain of our modalities and programs. For example, prophylactic vaccines typically require clinical testing in up to tens of thousands of healthy volunteers to define an approvable benefit-risk profile. The need to show a high degree of safety and tolerability when dosing healthy individuals could result in rare and even spurious safety findings, negatively impacting a program prior to or after commercial launch. Even if we observe positive safety, tolerability and levels of immunogenicity in early clinical trials, we may not observe acceptable safety or efficacy profiles in later-stage trials required for approval of these programs. There are many clinical and manufacturing challenges specific to intismeran autogene and any other neoantigen therapies we may develop. These include a rapid production turn-around time measured in weeks in order to supply patients before further progression and mutation of their tumors, the significant costs incurred in making individualized medicines and potential lack of immune responses due to the biology of the tumor or patient s immune status. These risks apply to intismeran and other neoepitope investigational medicine programs. In addition, the translatability of target selection from preclinical animal models to successful clinical trial results is uncertain and may fail, particularly for systemic therapies and cancer antigen therapies. In general, several biological steps are required for delivery of mRNA to translate into therapeutically active medicines. These processing steps may differ between individuals or tissues, potentially leading to variable levels of therapeutic protein, activity, immunogenicity or distribution to tissues for a therapeutic effect. mRNA medicines may elicit innate or adaptive immune responses to the mRNA, delivery vehicle (such as an LNP) or the encoded protein, which could result in adverse events or reduced tolerability. In certain settings, immune responses to the encoded protein limit the effectiveness or durability of treatment, including upon repeat administration, or require changes to dosing, formulation or clinical development plans. We may experience delays in enrolling participants in our clinical trials. Enrolling participants in our clinical trials is critical to our success. Difficulties or delays in enrolling a sufficient number of participants could increase costs or impact the timing or outcome of our planned clinical trials, which could prevent trial completion and adversely affect our ability to advance the development of and obtain regulatory approval for our product candidates. Participant enrollment is affected by many factors, including: severity of the disease under investigation; complexity and design of the clinical trial protocol; size of the patient population and eligibility criteria for the clinical trial in question, including age-based eligibility criteria limiting subject enrollment to adolescent or pediatric populations; proximity and availability of clinical trial sites for prospective trial participants; availability of competing therapies and clinical trials, and clinicians and participants perceptions of the relative advantages, risks and side effects of our product candidates compared to other available therapies, including any new drugs or treatments; patient referral practices of physicians; 48 ability to monitor trial participants adequately during and after treatment; ability to recruit qualified clinical trial investigators; adverse results or other safety signals in our trials or related to other product candidates, and any resulting negative publicity, which could discourage potential participants and their physicians from participating in our trials; and our ability to obtain and maintain participant informed consent. Additionally, we may have limited or no ability to influence enrollment in clinical trials where our collaborators control clinical development. Even if we or our collaborators successfully enroll participants, some may not be dosed or complete the trial. mRNA drug development involves substantial clinical and regulatory risks, and negative perceptions of our platform, products and product candidates could adversely affect our business and ability to obtain regulatory approvals. Few mRNA medicines have been approved to date by the FDA or other regulators, and efficacy, safety, tolerability and immunogenicity data and real-world evidence with respect to mRNA medicines continue to accumulate. We may observe new, more frequent or more severe adverse events in clinical trial participants or among vaccinated individuals. For example, some studies have suggested that Spikevax may be associated with higher rates of myocarditis and pericarditis in young males compared to other COVID vaccines. Myocarditis and pericarditis have also been reported following vaccination with other COVID vaccines, including mNEXSPIKE. If similar observations are made in recipients of our other products or product candidates, or if other unexpected safety issues arise, we could suffer significant damage to our reputation and that of our mRNA platform. Such events could lead to other issues, including delays in our other programs, the need to re-design our clinical trials and the need for significant additional financial resources. In addition, the FDA and other regulators may interpret data from our clinical trials differently than we do and such agencies may require us to conduct additional studies or analyses, which could delay or prevent us from obtaining full regulatory approvals in certain jurisdictions or for certain demographics. Further, local legislatures may attempt to regulate or restrict the use of mRNA medicines in their jurisdictions. Successful discovery and development of mRNA medicines by us or our strategic collaborators is highly uncertain and depends on many factors beyond our or their control, and our business decisions and development efforts relating to mRNA technology, delivery systems and manufacturing processes may ultimately be unsuccessful. Promising early-phase product candidates may fail to advance, be delayed in the clinic, be subject to clinical holds or fail to reach the market for many reasons, including: nonclinical, preclinical or clinical trial results may show potential mRNA medicines to be less effective than desired or to have harmful or problematic side effects or toxicities; adverse results in our clinical trials, or in those of others developing similar products, or adverse effects relating to mRNA, or our LNPs, may lead to negative publicity or delays in or termination of our programs; the efficacy or safety of a combination vaccine product candidate could be less than that seen with the administration of the vaccine s separately, which could prevent the combination product from obtaining regulatory approval; adverse events related to products that are perceived to be similar to mRNA medicines, such as those related to gene therapy or gene editing, could result in a decrease in the perceived benefit of one or more of our programs, increased regulatory scrutiny, decreased confidence by patients and clinical trial collaborators in our product candidates and less demand for any product that we may develop; the insufficient ability of our translational models to reduce risk or predict outcomes in humans, particularly given that each component of our product candidates may have a dependent or independent effect on safety, tolerability and efficacy, which may be species-dependent; manufacturing failures or insufficient supply of current Good Manufacturing Practice (cGMP) materials for clinical trials, or higher than expected cost could delay or set back clinical trials, or make mRNA medicines commercially unattractive; changes that we make to optimize our manufacturing, testing or formulating of cGMP materials could impact the safety, tolerability and efficacy profile of our product candidates; pricing or reimbursement issues or other factors that delay clinical trials or make any mRNA medicine uneconomical or noncompetitive with other therapies; our large pipeline of product candidates could result in a greater quantity of reportable adverse events, including suspected unexpected serious adverse reactions, other reportable negative clinical outcomes, manufacturing reportable events or material clinical events that could lead to clinical delay or hold by the FDA or applicable regulatory authority or other clinical delays, any of which could negatively impact the perception of one or more of our programs, as well as our business as a whole; failure to timely advance our programs or a failure or delay in receiving necessary regulatory approvals due to, among other factors, slow or failure to complete enrollment in clinical trials, withdrawal by trial participants from trials, failure to achieve trial endpoints, additional time requirements for data analysis, data integrity issues, preparation of a BLA or the equivalent application, discussions with the FDA or EMA, a regulatory request for additional nonclinical or clinical data or safety formulation or manufacturing issues may lead to our inability to obtain sufficient funding; 49 new legislation or regulations passed by U.S., state or foreign governments in response to negative public perception of mRNA medicines; and the proprietary rights of others and their competing products and technologies that may prevent our mRNA medicines from being commercialized. Because we are developing some of our product candidates for the treatment of diseases in which there is little clinical experience and, in some cases, using new endpoints or methodologies, the FDA or other regulators may not consider the endpoints of our clinical trials to provide clinically meaningful results. There are no pharmacologic therapies approved to treat the underlying causes of many diseases that we are currently attempting to address or may address in the future. For many rare diseases, few clinical trials have been attempted. As a result, the design and conduct of clinical trials of product candidates for the treatment of these disorders may take longer, be more costly or be less effective. Even if the FDA finds our success criteria to be sufficiently validated and clinically meaningful, we may not achieve the pre-specified endpoint to a degree of statistical significance in our pivotal or other clinical trials, or our results may be inconsistent or unpredictable compared to traditional efficacy endpoints. Further, the FDA may give overriding weight to other efficacy endpoints over a primary endpoint, even if we achieve statistically significant results on that endpoint, if we do not do so on our secondary efficacy endpoints. The FDA also weighs the benefits of a product against its risks and may view the efficacy results in the context of safety as not being supportive of licensure. Regulators in other countries may make similar findings with respect to these endpoints. Certain mRNA therapies are classified as gene therapies by the FDA and the EMA. The association of our products with gene therapies could result in increased regulatory burdens, impair the reputation of our products or negatively impact our platform or our business. There are only a few approved gene therapy products in the United States and other jurisdictions, and significant adverse events associated with their testing and use have been reported. Regulatory requirements governing these products have evolved and may continue to change in the future, and the implications for mRNA therapies are unknown. For example, the FDA has established the Office of Therapeutics Products within its Center for Biologics Evaluation and Research (CBER) to consolidate review of gene therapy and related products, and convenes the Cellular, Tissue and Gene Therapies Advisory Committee to advise CBER. In the EU, certain mRNA therapies have been characterized as gene therapy medicinal products, which are subject to additional regulatory requirements. In certain other countries, such as Japan, mRNA therapies have not yet been classified. Notwithstanding the differences between mRNA medicines and gene therapies, the classification of some of our mRNA product candidates as gene therapies could adversely impact our ability to develop our product candidates, including if a clinical hold applicable to gene therapy products were applied to our mRNA product candidates. Adverse events reported with respect to gene therapies could adversely impact one or more of our programs. Although our mRNA product candidates are designed not to make any permanent changes to cell DNA, regulatory agencies or others could believe that adverse effects of gene therapies caused by introducing new DNA and irreversibly changing the DNA in a cell could also be a risk for our mRNA investigational therapies, and as a result may delay one or more of our clinical trials or impose additional testing for long-term side effects. Any new requirements and guidelines promulgated by regulatory agencies may negatively affect our business by lengthening the regulatory review process, requiring us to perform additional or larger studies or increasing our development costs, any of which could lead to changes in regulatory positions and interpretations, delay or prevent advancement or approval and commercialization of our product candidates, or lead to significant post-approval studies, limitations or restrictions. As we advance our product candidates, we will be required to consult with these regulatory agencies and advisory committees and comply with applicable requirements and guidelines. If we fail to do so, we may be required to delay or discontinue development of some or all of our product candidates. Our work in genomic editing is subject to all risks associated with gene therapies. Genome editing technologies are relatively new and their therapeutic utility is largely unproven. Public perception and related media coverage of potential therapy-related efficacy or safety issues, as well as ethical concerns related specifically to genome editing, may adversely influence the willingness of subjects to participate in clinical trials. In addition, any review conducted by an institutional biosafety committee may result in delay or prevent initiation of a gene therapy clinical trial. 50 Additionally, if any such therapeutic is approved, physicians, health care providers, third-party payors and patients may be slow or fail to accept these novel and personalized treatments. Physicians may be unwilling to undergo necessary training, view a particular therapy as too complex or potentially risky to adopt without appropriate training and choose not to administer the therapy. Further, certain patients may not be candidates for the therapies, for many reasons, including due to health conditions or genetic profile. In addition, responses by federal and state agencies, congressional committees and foreign governments to negative public perception, ethical concerns or financial considerations may result in new legislation, regulations or medical standards that could limit our ability to develop or commercialize any product candidates, obtain or maintain regulatory approval or otherwise achieve profitability. Based on these and other factors, health care providers and payors may decide that the benefits of these new therapies do not or will not outweigh their costs. Our products are, and any future products will be, subject to regulatory scrutiny. Even if we obtain regulatory approval in a jurisdiction, we may remain subject to significant restrictions on the indicated uses or marketing of our product and ongoing requirements for potentially costly post-approval studies, such as those required under an accelerated approval by the FDA or other similar type of approval, or post-market surveillance. For example, a BLA holder must monitor and report adverse events and any failure of a product to meet applicable specifications, as well as submit and obtain FDA approval for certain new or supplemental applications relating to the approved product, labeling or manufacturing process. Additionally, pharmacovigilance obligations under the regulatory regimes of the jurisdictions where our products are distributed require us to collect, process, analyze and monitor safety data and to identify and evaluate adverse reactions to our products as they are administered in those jurisdic tions . If we or any of our partners assisting us in meeting these obligations cannot comply with relevant regulations, we may be subject to sanctions, increased costs and reputational harm, or our re gulatory authorizations to distribute our vaccines in the relevant jurisdiction may be revoked or curtailed. In addition, regulators may increasingly rely on post-approval studies or real-world evidence to determine whether to maintain, modify or expand approved indications or population eligibility, which could increase costs, delay commercialization or limit the scope of approved use of our products. Furthermore, advertising and promotional materials must comply with FDA rules and regulations and are subject to FDA review, in addition to other applicable federal and state laws. In addition, regulatory agencies may not approve the labeling claims that are necessary or desirable for the successful commercialization of our product candidates. We are required by the FDA to conduct post-marketing studies for mRNA-1273, including to assess the risk of myocarditis and pericarditis and to evaluate outcomes in pregnant women and infants post-vaccination. We or others could identify previously unknown side effects, or known side effects could be observed as being more frequent or severe than in clinical trials or earlier post-marketing periods. If we, our contract manufacturers or other collaborators fail to comply with any post-approval regulatory requirements, a regulator may issue a warning letter asserting that we are in violation of the law, seek an injunction or impose civil or criminal penalties or monetary fines, suspend or withdraw regulatory approval or revoke a license, suspend any ongoing clinical trials, refuse to approve a pending BLA or supplements to a BLA submitted by us, seize or recall products or product candidates, or require field alerts to physicians, pharmacists and hospitals or refuse to allow us to enter into supply contracts. We could also be required to conduct additional nonclinical studies or clinical trials or implement changes in labeling or to our manufacturing processes, specifications or facilities. Initiation of any government investigation or lawsuit, including class-action lawsuits, would require us to expend significant time and resources in response and would likely generate negative publicity. The occurrence of any event or penalty described above may inhibit our ability to commercialize our COVID vaccine , or any future approved products, and generate revenues. Additionally, the FDA or other regulators could require us to adopt Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategies (REMS) for any product to ensure that the benefits of treatment outweigh the risks for each potential patient, which may include, among other things, a medication guide outlining the risks of the product for distribution to patients, a communication plan to health care practitioners, extensive patient monitoring or distribution systems and processes that are highly controlled, restrictive and more costly than what is typical for the industry. Furthermore, if we or others later identify undesirable side effects caused by any product that we develop, several potentially significant negative consequences could result, including the suspension or withdrawal of approvals and licenses, the addition of warning labels, changes to the way a product is administered, the requirement to conduct further clinical trials, lawsuits or increased liability for harm to patients and their children and reputational harm to us. Any of these events could prevent us from achieving or maintaining market acceptance of any products we develop. 51 Additionally, the U.S. Supreme Court s June 2024 decision in Loper Bright Enterprises v. Raimondo overturned the longstanding Chevron doctrine, under which courts were required to give deference to regulatory agencies reasonable interpretations of ambiguous federal statutes. The Loper decision could result in additional legal challenges to regulations and guidance issued by federal agencies, including the FDA, on which we rely. Additionally, the Loper decision may result in increased regulatory uncertainty, inconsistent judicial interpretations and other impacts to the agency rule-making process. We cannot predict the likelihood, nature or extent of government regulation that may arise from future legislation or administrative action or as a result of legal challenges, either in the United States or abroad. If we are slow or unable to adapt to changes in existing requirements or the adoption of new requirements or policies, or if we are not able to maintain regulatory compliance, our business could be materially harmed. Preclinical development is lengthy and uncertain, especially for mRNA medicines. Much of our pipeline is in preclinical development, and these programs could be delayed or not advanced into the clinic. Before initiating clinical trials for a product candidate, we must complete extensive preclinical studies, including IND-enabling good laboratory practice (GLP) toxicology testing, as well as significant Chemistry, Manufacturing, and Controls (CMC) activities for inclusion in an IND submission. CMC activities for mRNA medicines involve complex manufacturing processes and analytical development, which are uncertain and lengthy. We have had and may in the future have difficulty identifying appropriate buffers and storage conditions to enable sufficient shelf life of batches of our product candidates. If we must produce new batches, our preclinical studies could be delayed. We cannot be certain of the timely completion of our preclinical testing and studies, whether the FDA or other regulators will accept the results or if the outcome of our preclinical testing, studies and CMC activities will ultimately support further development of our programs. As a result, we may be unable to submit INDs or similar applications for our preclinical programs on the timelines we expect, if at all, and such applications may not result in the FDA or other regulators allowing clinical trials to begin. Although we have obtained rare pediatric disease designation for mRNA-3927, we may not be eligible to receive a priority review voucher in the event the FDA determines we no longer meet the criteria for designation, revokes the designation or FDA approval does not occur by September 30, 2029. The sponsor of an application for a rare pediatric disease drug product may be eligible for a voucher that can be used or sold to obtain a priority review for a subsequent application submitted under section 505(b)(1) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act or section 351 of the Public Health Service Act. We received rare pediatric disease designation from the FDA for mRNA-3927. We may, in the future, apply for rare pediatric disease designation from the FDA for future product candidates that may qualify for designation. Vouchers for rare pediatric disease drugs are awarded for qualifying applications when the drug receives approval. Under current law, after September 30, 2029, the FDA may not award any rare pediatric disease priority review vouchers, although the FDA's authority to do so could be extended by Congress in the future. Risks related to the manufacturing of our commercial products and product candidates We or our third-party manufacturers may encounter difficulties in manufacturing, product release, shelf life, testing, storage, supply chain management or shipping for any of our products. The manufacturing processes for our mRNA medicines are novel and complex. We and our collaborators have experienced and may continue to encounter difficulties in manufacturing, product release, shelf life, testing, storage, supply chain management or shipping, including delays as our supply chain expands and grows more complex. We may experience difficulties effectively managing and executing the complexities of a larger and multi-product supply plan, including those resulting from complexities of producing batches at larger scale, equipment failure, human error, choice and quality of raw materials and excipients, analytical testing technology and product instability. Further, mRNA medicines encapsulated in LNPs must be developed and manufactured under well-controlled conditions, or pharmacological activity can be adversely impacted. In an effort to optimize product features, we have in the past and may in the future make changes to our product candidates in their manufacturing and stability formulation and conditions. This has in the past and may in the future result in our having to resupply batches for preclinical or clinical activities when there is insufficient product stability during storage and insufficient supply. Insufficient stability or shelf life of our product candidates could materially delay our ability to continue clinical trials or require us to begin a new clinical trial with a newly formulated drug product, due to the need to manufacture additional preclinical or clinical supply. Additionally, our high rate of innovation may result in a high degree of technology change that could negatively impact product comparability during and after clinical development. These technology changes may necessitate changes to, or the sourcing of, new manufacturing infrastructure or may adversely affect third-party relationships. 52 In many cases, we may need to utilize multiple batches of drug substance and drug product to meet the supply requirement of a single preclinical study or clinical trial. Failure in our ability to scale up batch size or failure in any batch, which we have experienced in the past, may lead to a substantial delay in our clinical trials or in the commercialization of any approved product. For example, the changes we make as we continue developing new manufacturing processes for our drug substance and drug product may impact specification and stability of the drug product, and may lead to failure of batches, resulting in a substantial delay in delivery of commercial product or conduct of our clinical trials. Our mRNA product candidates may prove to have a stability profile that leads to a lower than desired shelf life of the final approved medicine. This poses risk in supply requirements, wasted stock and higher cost of goods. We may also experience wasted stock from other factors such as volatile demand forecasts or our inability to scale down for products that have low demand. We are dependent on a number of equipment providers who are also implementing novel technology. Further, we have developed our own custom manufacturing equipment for certain of our medicines. If we encounter unexpected performance issues with such equipment, we could encounter delays or interruptions to clinical and commercial supply. Due to the number of different programs, we may have cross contamination of product candidates inside of our factories, CROs, suppliers or in the clinic that affect the integrity of our product candidates. As we scale the manufacturing output for commercial production and particular programs, we plan to continuously improve yield, purity and the pharmaceutical properties of our products and product candidates from IND-enabling studies through commercial launch, including shelf-life stability, and solubility properties of drug product and drug substance. Because of continuous improvement in manufacturing processes, we may switch processes for a particular program during development. However, after a change in process, more time will be required for pharmaceutical property testing, such as 6 or 12 month stability testing. That may require resupplying clinical material or making additional cGMP batches to keep up with clinical trial demand before such pharmaceutical property testing is completed. We utilize a number of raw materials and excipients that may have a single source of supply, are new to the pharmaceutical industry and are being employed in a novel manner. Some of these raw materials and excipients have not been scaled to a level to support commercial supply and could experience unexpected manufacturing or testing failures or supply shortages. Such issues with raw materials and excipients could cause delays or interruptions to clinical and commercial supply of our products or product candidates. We have established several analytical assays and may have to establish several more to assess the quality of our mRNA product candidates. We may identify gaps in our analytical testing strategy that might prevent release of product or could require product withdrawal or recall. For example, we may discover new impurities that have an impact on product safety, efficacy or stability. This may lead to an inability to release mRNA product candidates until the manufacturing or testing process is rectified. As we grow as a commercial company and our drug development pipeline matures, the increased demand for clinical and commercial supplies from our facilities and third parties may impact our ability to operate. Completion of our trials and commercialization of our products depend on the availability of facilities capable of manufacturing our vaccines at sufficient yields and at commercial scale. We expect to continue to make significant investments in our manufacturing network as we expand our commercial launch efforts. Our new manufacturing plants in Australia, Canada and the United Kingdom are subject to risks associated with operating these facilities, and we may encounter difficulties in optimizing our global manufacturing network . To supplement our internal manufacturing infrastructure, we may rely on third parties for product manufacturing, packaging, testing, warehousing, distribution and other logistical services, and the manufacture and testing of raw materials, components, parts and consumables, and we may need to engage additional third parties in the future to meet capacity needs. If we cannot enter into or maintain such arrangements on favorable terms, or at all, our ability to develop, manufacture and distribute our products could be adversely affected. Further, efforts to establish and scale these capabilities may not meet expectations regarding scheduling, scale-up, reproducibility, yield, purity, cost, potency or quality. If we are unable to institute necessary controls related to product development, manufacturing and quality, we may encounter difficulties producing our products on the timelines and in the quantities required to meet demand or supply obligations. We have in the past, and may in the future, seek to resize our manufacturing infrastructure to reflect anticipated demand for our products. This resizing may result in our incurring costs associated with exiting commitments, such as with suppliers for raw materials and contract manufacturing organizations (CMOs). Additionally, as a result of lower demand for our products, we have experienced, and may in the future experience, increased costs with respect to raw material suppliers as we seek to exit or modify our purchase commitments. Further, we have entered, and may in the future enter, into non-cancellable or take-or-pay purchase commitments for raw materials that require a long lead time to procure, increasing our commitment exposure. 53 Demand for third-party manufacturing, raw materials or testing facilities may grow faster than available capacity, which could disrupt our ability to secure sufficient quantities of materials and services. The use of service providers and suppliers could expose us to risks, including: termination or non-renewal of supply and service agreements in a manner or at a time that is costly or damaging to us; disruptions to the operations of these suppliers and service providers caused by conditions unrelated to our business or operations, including the bankruptcy of the supplier or service provider; and inspections of third-party facilities by regulators that could have a negative outcome and result in delays to or termination of their ability to supply our requirements. Our reliance on third-party manufacturers may also result in unforeseen delays or operational problems beyond our control. Because of contractual restrictions and the limited number of manufacturers with the expertise, required regulatory approvals and facilities to manufacture our bulk vaccines on a commercial scale, replacing a third-party manufacturer may be expensive, time-consuming or disruptive. Regulators may require us to register our facilities or those of another supplier if we terminate an existing third-party manufacturer relationship, which could delay or limit our ability to supply a particular market. In addition, third-party manufacturers may experience production interruptions due to factors such as production cost pressures, scale-up challenges, shortages of qualified personnel, availability of raw materials and supplies, quality control failures, compliance with regulatory requirements or lack of capital funding. We are subject to operational risks associated with the physical and digital infrastructure at our manufacturing facilities and those of our external service providers. Our manufacturing facilities incorporate a significant level of automation of equipment with integration of several digital systems, including those that may utilize artificial intelligence (AI), to improve efficiency of operations. The digitization of our facilities exposes us to the risk of process equipment malfunctions. These risks include potential system failures or shutdowns due to internal or external factors including design issues, system compatibility or potential cybersecurity compromises, incidents or breaches. Upgrades or changes to our systems, infrastructure or the software that we implement, use, or upon which our business relies, may result in the introduction of new cybersecurity vulnerabilities and risks. Our facilities and infrastructure or those of our contract manufacturers or other third-parties may also be subject to attacks or acts of sabotage by outside actors, contractors or employees. Any disruption in these manufacturing capabilities could delay scaling up production capacity for our drug substances or products or shut down facilities, add costs, cause us to fail to meet certain product volume or delivery timing obligations, or may require us to identify, qualify and establish an alternative manufacturing site, which could adversely affect our business. As we expand our development and commercial capacities, we have and expect that we will continue to establish additional manufacturing capabilities in our global network. This expansion may lead to regulatory delays or prove more costly than anticipated. If we fail to select suitable locations, complete construction in an efficient manner, engage effectively with local regulators, recruit the required personnel or manage our growth effectively, the development and production of products or our product candidates could be delayed or curtailed. Our products and product candidates are sensitive to shipping and storage conditions, which, in some cases, requires cold-chain logistics and subjects them to risk of loss or damage. Our products and product candidates are sensitive to temperature, storage and handling conditions, and we could lose medicines if the product or product intermediates are not stored or handled properly. Shelf life for our products and product candidates is variable, and they may expire prior to use. Further, if we or third-party distributors do not maintain effective cold-chain supply logistics required for certain of our products and product candidates, products may be returned, become out-of-date or be rendered unusable. This has led and could lead to added manufacturing costs and delays in our ability to supply required quantities for clinical trials or commercial sale. In addition, the cost associated with such transportation services and the limited pool of vendors could cause supply disruptions. Our manufacturing facilities or those of third-party manufacturers or suppliers may fail to meet regulatory requirements, which could delay approval of or increase production costs for our products. The manufacturing of medicines for clinical trials or commercial sale is subject to extensive regulation, and components of such products must be manufactured in accordance with cGMP requirements. These regulations govern manufacturing processes and procedures, including record keeping and the implementation and operation of quality systems to control and assure the quality of products and materials used in clinical trials and for commercial supply. Poor control of cGMP manufacturing processes can lead to product quality failures that may impact our ability to supply product, resulting in cost overruns and cause significant delays to clinical development timelines. Such manufacturing process issues may include: 54 critical deviations in the manufacturing process; ineffective corrective or preventative actions taken to address such deviations as processes scale; facility and equipment failures; product or facility contamination, including due to ineffective quality control strategies or failures identified through environmental monitoring programs; failures of raw materials, components or consumables, including due to ineffective supplier qualification or regulatory compliance issues at critical suppliers; and ineffective product stability; Regulators typically require representative manufacturing site inspections to assess compliance with cGMP and manufacturing controls. Such inspections may occur at any time during product development or commercialization, may be unannounced, and may be product- or facility-specific or conducted in response to issues identified by regulators. If one of our, or a third-party manufacturer s, sites fails to maintain sufficient quality assurance or control, or receives a deficient inspection outcome, a product may not receive or maintain regulatory approval, and our manufacturers or suppliers may be unable to meet their supply obligations, impacting or delaying supply or programs. In addition, the manufacturing processes for our products are subject to regulatory approval, and if we or our third-party manufacturers are unable to reliably produce products or product candidates to specifications acceptable to regulators, we or our strategic collaborators may not obtain or maintain the approvals needed to commercialize such products. Even after regulatory approval is obtained, there is no assurance that we or our CMOs will be able to manufacture the approved medicine to specifications acceptable to the FDA or other regulators. Any of these challenges could delay or prevent completion of clinical trials, require bridging or repeat clinical trials, increase trial costs, delay regulatory approval, impair commercialization efforts or increase our cost of goods, any of which could have an adverse effect on our business. In addition, we may not have direct control over the ability of our contract manufacturers to maintain adequate quality control, quality assurance and qualified personnel. Our contract manufacturers supply or manufacture materials or products for other companies and their failure to meet applicable regulatory requirements may affect the regulatory status of their facilities. In addition, to the extent that we rely on foreign contract manufacturers, we are subject to additional risks, including the need to comply with import and export regulations. The FDA, the EMA and other regulators may require us to submit product samples of any lot of any approved product, together with the protocols showing the results of applicable tests, at any time. In some cases, regulators may prohibit us from distributing a lot until it authorizes release. Deviations in the manufacturing process, including those affecting quality attributes and stability, may cause unacceptable changes in the product, resulting in lot failures or product recalls. In the past, our third-party contract manufacturers experienced lot failures resulting in product recalls of our COVID vaccine. Lot failures have caused, and lot failures or product recalls in the future with respect to product produced by either our own or our third-party manufacturers facilities could cause, us and strategic collaborators to delay clinical trials or product launches. We and our manufacturing partners also may encounter problems hiring and retaining the experienced scientific, quality control and manufacturing personnel, which could result in delays in production or difficulties in maintaining compliance with applicable regulatory requirements. Additionally, we may not be able to control for or detect intentional sabotage or negligence by any employee or contractor. Our intismeran autogene product candidates are uniquely manufactured for each patient using a novel, complex manufacturing process and we may encounter difficulties in production. We custom design and manufacture intismeran tailored for each patient. As a result, manufacturing is susceptible to product loss or failure due to issues with: logistics associated with the collection and shipping of a patient s tumor, blood or other tissue sample; next-generation sequencing of the tumor mRNA and identification of appropriate tumor-specific mutations; the use of a software program, including proprietary and open source components, which is hosted in the cloud and a part of our product candidate, to assist with the design of the patient-specific mRNA, which software must be maintained and secured; effective design of the patient-specific mRNA that encodes for the required neoantigens; batch specific manufacturing failures or issues that arise due to the uniqueness of each patient-specific batch; quality control testing failures; unexpected failures of batches placed on stability; 55 shortages or quality control issues with single-use assemblies, consumables or critical parts sourced from third-party vendors that must be changed out for each patient-specific batch; significant costs associated with individualized manufacturing that may adversely affect our ability to continue development; successful and timely manufacture and release of the patient-specific batch; shipment issues encountered during transport of the batch to the patient site of care; and the ability to define a consistent safety profile at a given dose when each participant receives a unique therapy. We have purpose-built our facility in Marlborough, Massachusetts for intismeran, and it may encounter difficulties or it take longer than anticipated to scale up the facility to meet future commercial demand, if intismeran is approved. Manufacturing demand for intismeran may also increase as we continue our current late-stage trials and expand to additional tumor types . Further, we may encounter difficulties executing our plans to improve turnaround time and reduce costs. The addition of new facilities could also lead to product comparability issues, which could further delay introduction of new capacity. In addition, if our equipment does not function as designed, we could experience deviations in the drug product produced, which could lead to increased batch failure and the inability to supply patients enrolled in a clinical trial. Because intismeran is manufactured for each individual patient, we are required to maintain a chain of identity with respect to each patient s tissue sample, sequence data derived from such tissue sample, results of analysis of such patient s genomic analysis and the custom manufactured product for each patient. Maintaining such a chain of identity is difficult and complex, and failure to do so has resulted and may in the future result in product mix up, adverse patient outcomes, loss of product or regulatory action, including withdrawal of any approved products from the market. Further, as intismeran is developed through clinical trials towards approval and commercialization, multiple aspects of the complicated collection, analysis, manufacture and delivery process may be modified to optimize processes and results. These changes may not achieve the intended objectives, and any of these changes could cause intismeran to perform differently than we expect, potentially affecting the results of clinical trials. Risks related to our reliance on third parties We are dependent on single-source suppliers for some of the components and materials used in, and the manufacturing processes required to develop and commercialize, our products and product candidates. We cannot ensure that the suppliers we rely on will remain in business, have sufficient capacity or supply to meet our needs or that they will not be purchased by one of our competitors or another company that will cease working with us. Our use of single-source suppliers exposes us to several risks, including disruptions in supply, price increases, late deliveries or business interruptions. There are, in general, few alternative sources of supply for substitute components. If we must switch suppliers, the manufacture and delivery of our products or product candidates could be interrupted for an extended period. Establishing additional or replacement suppliers for any of the components or processes used in our products or product candidates may not be accomplished quickly, if at all. Any replacement supplier (or us, if we produced directly) would need to be qualified and may require additional regulatory approval, resulting in further delay. Any such interruption or delay, or our inability to obtain components or materials from alternate sources on acceptable terms, could impair our ability to meet demand for our products or product candidates. Additionally, as part of the FDA s approval of our product candidates, the FDA will review the manufacturing processes and facilities of our single-source suppliers. We have entered into strategic alliances with third parties for product development and commercialization. If these alliances are unsuccessful, our business could be adversely affected. We have entered into strategic alliances with collaborators that have provided funding, intellectual property licenses and other resources for developing, manufacturing and commercializing our product candidates. Additionally, we have entered into strategic alliances where we agree to provide funding, intellectual property licenses and other resources to third parties. Our strategic alliances may pose a number of risks, including: strategic collaborators may not perform their obligations as expected; strategic collaborators may cease or deprioritize development or commercialization of our products due to unfavorable clinical trial results, changes in their focus or funding, or other factors that divert their resources or create competing priorities, such as potential competition with their own products or candidates; strategic collaborators may delay, stop or provide insufficient funding or resources for clinical trials (whether as a result of a business decision or necessitated by financial difficulties of such collaborator); a strategic collaborator with marketing and distribution rights to one or more of our products may commit insufficient resources to the marketing and distribution of any such product; 56 disagreements with strategic collaborators, including over proprietary rights, contract interpretation or the course of development of any product candidates, may cause delays or termination of the research, development or commercialization of such product candidates, lead to additional responsibilities for us with respect to such product candidates or result in litigation or arbitration, any of which would be time-consuming and expensive; strategic collaborators may use our proprietary information in such a way as to invite litigation that could jeopardize or invalidate our IP or proprietary information; disputes may arise with respect to the ownership of IP developed pursuant to our strategic alliances; strategic collaborators may infringe the IP rights of third parties, exposing us to potential litigation and liability; future relationships may require us to incur non-recurring and other charges, increase our near- and long-term expenditures, issue securities that dilute our existing shareholders or disrupt our management and business; any equity investments we make in collaborators could decrease in value or become worthless; and our international operations through any future collaborations, acquisitions or joint ventures may expose us to certain operating, legal and other risks not encountered in the United States. Our strategic collaborators generally may materially amend or terminate their agreements with us in accordance with the terms of those agreements, which has happened in the past. If any collaboration agreement is terminated, we may not receive anticipated future research or development funding or milestone, earn-out royalty, profit share or other contingent payments and the research or development of our product candidates may be delayed or discontinued. It may also be difficult to attract new strategic collaborators to continue development or commercialization of the applicable product candidate, and our reputation could be adversely affected. All the risks relating to product development, regulatory approval and commercialization described elsewhere in these Risk Factors apply to our strategic collaboration activities. We may seek to establish additional strategic alliances and, if we are unable to do so on commercially reasonable terms, we may have to alter our development and commercialization plans. Certain of our strategic alliance agreements may restrict our ability to develop certain products. Our development programs and the potential commercialization of our product candidates will require substantial cash to fund expenses. We may collaborate with other companies to develop and potentially commercialize some of our product candidates, and we face significant competition in seeking collaborators. Our ability to establish additional strategic alliances will depend, among other things, on our assessment of the collaborator s resources and expertise, proposed terms and conditions and the collaborator s evaluation of a number of factors. Those factors may include the design or results of clinical trials, the likelihood of regulatory approval, potential market sizes and competition, the costs and complexities of manufacturing and delivering a product candidate to trial participants, uncertainty with respect to our or the proposed collaborator s ownership of technology (regardless of the merits of the challenge) , and industry and market conditions generally. We are also restricted under some of our existing strategic alliance agreements from entering into agreements on certain terms with potential strategic collaborators to pursue other targets on our own. These restrictions on working with targets, polypeptides, routes of administration and fields could limit our ability to enter into strategic collaborations with other collaborators or to pursue certain potentially valuable product candidates. Strategic alliances are complex and time-consuming to negotiate and document. If we cannot enter alliances on a timely basis, on favorable terms or at all, we may need to curtail the development of the product candidate for which we are seeking to collaborate, reduce or delay its development program or one or more of our other development programs, delay its potential commercialization or reduce the scope of any sales or marketing activities, or increase our expenditures and undertake development or commercialization activities at our own expense. We expect to continue to rely on third parties to conduct aspects of our research, preclinical studies, protocol development and clinical trials. If these third parties do not perform satisfactorily or comply with regulatory requirements, we may be unable to obtain regulatory approval for or commercialize our product candidates. We rely on third parties such as CROs to help manage certain preclinical work, and on medical institutions, clinical investigators and CROs to assist in the design, review and conduct of our clinical trials, including enrolling qualified patients. In addition, we engage third-party contractors and collaborators to support other research, commercial and administrative activities, which reduces our control over these activities but does not relieve us of our responsibilities, such as ensuring that each clinical trial is conducted in accordance with its general investigational plan and protocols. Moreover, the FDA requires us to comply with GLPs and good clinical practices for conducting, recording and reporting the results of preclinical studies and clinical trials to assure that data and reported results are credible and accurate and that in the case of clinical trials the rights, integrity and confidentiality of trial participants are protected. Such standards will evolve and subject us and third parties to new or changing requirements. 57 If third parties do not successfully carry out their contractual duties or meet expected deadlines, we may need to replace them, which could delay clinical trials, drug development or other activity. If clinical trials are not conducted in accordance with our contractual expectations or regulatory requirements, action by regulators may significantly and adversely affect the conduct or progress of such trials or require a clinical trial to be redone. Accordingly, our efforts to obtain regulatory approvals and commercialize our drug candidates could be delayed. In addition, failure of any third-party contractor to timely provide access to our data in a format acceptable to us may result in delays or impediments to our regulatory submissions or other development activities. Risks related to our intellectual property We may be unable to obtain and enforce patent protection for our discoveries and the intellectual property rights therein, or protect the confidentiality of our trade secrets. Our success depends, in part, on our ability to protect proprietary methods and technologies that we develop under the patent and other IP laws of the United States and other countries, so that we can prevent others from unlawfully using our inventions and proprietary information. Because certain U.S. patent applications are confidential until the patents issue, third parties may have filed patent applications for technology covered by our pending patent applications without our being aware of those applications, and our patent applications may not have priority over those applications. In addition, publications of discoveries in the scientific literature often lag behind the actual discoveries, and patent applications in the United States and other jurisdictions are typically not published until 18 months after filing, if at all. Therefore, we cannot be certain that we were the first to make the inventions claimed in our patents or pending patent applications or that we were the first to file for patent protection of such inventions. We therefore may be unable to secure desired patent rights, thereby losing exclusivity. In the past, we have obtained licenses under third-party patents to market our products or conduct our research and development or other activities, and we may do so in the future if necessary. If licenses are not available to us on favorable terms, we may not be able to market the affected products or conduct the desired activities. The process of obtaining and enforcing patent protection is expensive and time-consuming and our pending patent applications may not result in issued patents. Obtaining and maintaining our patent protection depends on compliance with various procedural, document submission, fee payment and other requirements imposed by governmental patent agencies, and our patent applications may fail to result in valid enforceable patents, or our patent protection could be reduced or eliminated, for non-compliance with these requirements. If we or our strategic collaborators fail to file and prosecute all necessary and desirable patent applications at a reasonable cost and in a timely manner, our business may be adversely affected. Despite our and our strategic collaborators efforts to protect our proprietary rights, unauthorized parties may obtain and use information that we regard as proprietary. While issued patents are presumed valid, they may not survive a validity challenge and could be held unenforceable. Any patents we have obtained, or obtain in the future, may be challenged, invalidated, adjudged unenforceable or circumvented by parties seeking to design around our IP. Also, third parties through the USPTO or European Patent Office (EPO) may commence patent office proceedings involving our patents or patent applications. Any challenge to, finding of unenforceability or invalidation, or circumvention of, our patents or patent applications, would be costly, would require significant time and attention of our management, could reduce or eliminate royalty payments to us from third-party licensors and could have a material adverse impact on our business. The standards that the USPTO and its foreign counterparts use to grant patents are not always applied predictably or uniformly and can change. Similarly, the ultimate degree of protection that will be afforded to biotechnology inventions, including ours, in the United States and foreign countries, remains uncertain and is dependent upon the scope of the protection decided upon by patent offices, courts and lawmakers. One major provision of the America Invents Act changed U.S. patent practice from a first-to-invent to a first-to-file system. If we fail to file an invention before a competitor files on the same invention, we no longer can provide proof that we were in possession of the invention prior to the competitor s filing date, and thus would not be able to obtain patent protection for our invention. There is also no uniform, worldwide policy regarding the subject matter and scope of claims granted or allowable in pharmaceutical or biotechnology patents. In certain countries, for example, methods for the medical treatment of humans are not patentable. Accordingly, we do not know the degree of future protection for our proprietary rights or the breadth of claims that will be allowed in any patents issued to us or to others. We also rely to a certain extent on trade secrets, know-how and technology, which are not protected by patents, to maintain our competitive position. We also rely on non-disclosure agreements and invention assignment agreements with our employees, consultants and third parties. If any trade secret, know-how or other technology not protected by a patent were to be disclosed to or independently developed by a competitor, our business and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. Failure to obtain and maintain all available regulatory exclusivities and broad patent scope and to maximize patent term restoration or extension on patents covering our products may lead to loss of exclusivity and early biosimilar entry resulting in a loss of market share or revenue. 58 In addition, we may choose not to enforce our IP rights in certain circumstances or for certain periods of time. For example, in March 2022, we announced that we will not enforce our patents for COVID vaccines against companies manufacturing in or for the Gavi COVAX Advance Market Commitment (AMC) countries, provided that the manufactured vaccines are solely for use in the AMC 92 countries. In addition, we are willing to license our IP for COVID vaccines to manufacturers, but licensing of our IP may be limited, and our business may be otherwise adversely impacted if we are unable to enforce our IP. Uncertainty over IP in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industry has been the source of litigation and other disputes, which is inherently costly and unpredictable and can have adverse financial and freedom-to-operate consequences. mRNA medicines are a relatively new scientific field and, as the field continues to mature, patent applications are being processed by national patent offices globally. There is uncertainty about which patents will issue, and, if they do, as to when, to whom and with what claims. Litigation is ongoing over the underlying technology to mRNA medicines between many mRNA market participants. It is likely that there will continue to be significant litigation and patent office proceedings in various patent offices relating to patent rights in the mRNA field. We have issued patents and pending patent applications in the United States and in key markets globally that claim many different methods, compositions and processes relating to the discovery, development, manufacture and commercialization of mRNA medicines and our delivery technology, including LNPs. Oppositions and inter partes review petitions have been filed against some of our patents, and we expect that further proceedings will be filed in the EPO, USPTO and elsewhere relating to patents and patent applications in our portfolio. In many cases, the possibility of appeal exists for any party, and it may be years before final, unappealable rulings are made with respect to these patents in certain jurisdictions. The timing and outcome of these and other proceedings is uncertain and may adversely affect our business if we are not successful in defending the patentability and scope of our pending and issued patent claims. We cannot be certain that any patent will survive or that the claims will remain in the current form. Even if our rights are not directly challenged, disputes could lead to the weakening of our IP rights. In certain instances, we have instituted and may in the future institute inter partes review proceedings against issued U.S. patents and opposition proceedings against European patents owned by third parties in the field of mRNA medicines. We have a number of these proceedings ongoing against third-party patents. If we are unsuccessful in narrowing or invalidating such third-party patents, those third parties may attempt to assert those patents against our products. As the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries expand and more patents are issued, the risk increases that our products or product candidates may be subject to claims of infringement of the patent rights of third parties. We have invested billions of dollars in creating our patented mRNA platform, which is integral to the development of our mRNA medicines, and we are involved in various intellectual property litigation as described under Part I, Item 3, Legal Proceedings. We expect to expend substantial financial and managerial resources in connection with these legal proceedings, and the ultimate outcome of each proceeding is uncertain. We are, and may in the future become, involved in patent litigation or other proceedings related to a determination of rights, we could incur substantial costs and expenses, substantial liability for damages or be required to stop our product development and commercialization efforts. There may be third-party patents or patent applications with claims to materials, formulations, methods of manufacture or methods for treatment related to the use or manufacture of our products and product candidates, and third parties may assert that we are employing their proprietary technology without authorization. In addition, third parties may obtain patents in the future and claim that our technologies infringe upon these patents. If any third-party patents were held by a court of competent jurisdiction to cover the manufacturing process of any of our products or product candidates, any molecules formed during the manufacturing process or any final product itself, the holders of any such patents may obtain injunctive or other equitable relief, which could effectively block our ability to commercialize such product unless we obtained a license under the applicable patents, or until such patents expire. Similarly, if any third-party patents were held by a court of competent jurisdiction to cover aspects of our formulations, processes for manufacture or methods of use, including combination therapy, the holders of any such patents may be able to block our ability to develop and commercialize the applicable product or product candidate unless we obtained a license or until such patent expires. Defense of infringement and other claims, regardless of their merit, involves substantial litigation expense and diverts employee resources from our business. In the event of a successful infringement claim against us, we may have to pay substantial damages, including treble damages and attorneys fees for willful infringement, pay royalties, redesign our infringing products or obtain one or more licenses from third parties, which may not be made available on commercially favorable terms, if at all, or may require substantial time and expense. 59 In addition, any such licenses are likely to be non-exclusive and, therefore, our competitors may have access to the same technology licensed to us. If we fail to obtain a required license and are unable to design around a patent, we may be unable to effectively market some of our technology and products, which could limit our ability to generate revenues or achieve profitability, which could jeopardize our ability to sustain our operations. Moreover, we expect that a number of our collaborations w