=== MRNA_2026-02-20.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors You should carefully consider the following risks and uncertainties, together with all other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Any of the risk factors we describe below could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations and the market price of our common stock. Risks related to commercialization and our products Regulatory and market uncertainty have and may continue to impact our business and the markets for our products. Our ability to successfully commercialize our approved vaccines and any future products depends in part on evolving regulatory requirements, public health recommendations and market acceptance. In 2025, changes at U.S. regulatory agencies impacted policies and priorities related to our industry. For example, changes in FDA regulatory policies, post-marketing safety monitoring, and evidentiary expectations, as well as CDC and Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices (ACIP) recommendations regarding eligibility, target populations, and vaccination practices, may have affected and may continue to affect demand for our vaccines. Some of these changes, including new post-marketing commitments, have impacted and may in the future impact our costs. Ongoing regulatory uncertainty and evolving regulatory and public health guidance could impact future approvals, advisory committee recommendations, acceptance and demand for our existing or future products. Vaccination rates in the future may also be lower than our expectations due to other factors, including viral evolution, medical need and consumer motivation to vaccinate. These and other factors may make it difficult to accurately forecast vaccination rates for our products. If demand for COVID vaccines continues to decline, we lose significant market share, or our products are subject to significant competitive pricing pressure, our product sales may not materialize consistent with our projections. Beyond COVID, we have experienced challenges in the RSV market, in part due to advisory committee recommendations that were more limited than anticipated. Furthermore, our decisions regarding seasonal vaccine development, including for COVID-19, will be informed by annual guidance from the FDA and foreign regulators, which may impact the timing of development for our COVID vaccines. Different regulators have in the past and may in the future issue varying guidance regarding vaccine composition or populations who should receive a vaccine. Additionally, if our efforts to develop variant-specific vaccines are delayed or not as successful as our competitors’, we could suffer reputational harm, loss of market share and adverse financial results. We may expend significant resources adapting our vaccines or conducting clinical trials to protect against variants, but a market for our adapted vaccines may fail to develop or demand may not align with our projections or cost expenditures. We may experience difficulties executing our near-term strategy and prioritized pipeline. While we expect to launch multiple new products over the next several years, our ability to commercialize our pipeline is subject to many risks, including those described elsewhere in these Risk Factors under “Risks related to our pipeline, product development and regulatory review” and “Risks related to the manufacturing of our commercial products and product candidates.” If we do not successfully execute our near-term plan for growing our infectious disease vaccine franchise, our ability to invest in our pipeline, including our oncology and rare disease programs, may suffer. Furthermore, our broad clinical success and post-pandemic commercial challenges have necessitated a more selective and paced approach to our research and development investment. If we do not successfully implement our cost efficiency and prioritization programs, we may fail to meet our cash breakeven goal. Additionally, as we pursue development of our prioritized programs, we may forego or delay pursuit of other opportunities that could prove to have greater commercial potential. If our prioritized programs are unsuccessful, or not as successful as others could have been, we may be unable to realize a sustainable return on our investments and or achieve long-term growth. The vaccine market, and pharmaceutical market more generally, is intensely competitive, and we may be unable to compete effectively in the market for existing or new products, treatment methods or technologies. We compete with larger, well-established and experienced pharmaceutical companies for sales of our products, including against Pfizer and Sanofi for sales of our COVID vaccines and Pfizer and GSK for our RSV vaccine. Additionally, we have been excluded from selling our COVID vaccines in many European markets due to a competitor’s contract with the European Commission, which does not lapse until year-end 2026. For RSV vaccines, we entered a market already occupied by two larger competitors and may continue to face difficulties achieving market share. These competitors have exploited and may in the future exploit their greater size, infrastructure, resources and experience to gain advantages in contracting with customers by, among other things, bundling their products, leveraging larger supply chains and greater purchasing power and utilizing their global networks. 43 In addition, certain U.S. private vaccine market practices, including regarding discounts, rebates and returns, may cause us to realize significantly lower revenues than list prices. We may also be adversely affected by similar market practices outside of the United States. In some instances, our competitors have been able to offer more attractive terms than we can, and they may continue to do so in the future. More generally, the pharmaceutical market is highly competitive and certain of the disease areas we are targeting present particularly high competitive risk. For example, the oncology market is intensely competitive, innovative and fast-moving. Other companies, academic institutions, governmental agencies and public and private research organizations are developing products that may compete with programs in our development pipeline. These competitors may have products that have already been approved and accepted by the medical community or are in later stages of development. For example, we are developing a seasonal flu vaccine, for which there is a well-developed market , and we may need to offer more favorable terms to gain market share (which we may be unable to do), which may negatively impact our profitability. Additionally, competitive products may make any products we develop obsolete or noncompetitive before we can recover the expenses of developing and commercializing our products. In oncology, standards of care often evolve rapidly, and changes during the development or commercialization of our product candidates could reduce their clinical relevance, complicate clinical trial design, increase development costs or timelines, or limit commercial adoption, even for programs that show promising early results. Additionally, our products may struggle to compete against competitors’ products for a variety of reasons, including relative safety and effectiveness, degree of any side effects, shelf-life, ease of administration and the extent to which patients accept relatively new routes of administration, the timing and scope of regulatory approvals, the availability and cost of manufacturing, distribution, marketing and sales capabilities, price, reimbursement coverage and patent protection. Even if our products demonstrate superiority to competitors’ products, consumers and retailers may fail to appreciate that benefit, or existing purchase commitments with competitors may discourage them from purchasing from us. These factors, or the perception of these factors, could lead to a competitor’s product being more successfully commercialized. Further, the mRNA medicines field is growing rapidly, with increased competitive pressure from large and more established pharmaceutical companies. The actual or perceived success or failure of others may adversely impact our ability to commercialize our products. See “Business—Government Regulation—Coverage and reimbursement.” We have experienced commercial challenges and may experience additional challenges in the future. We face risks and uncertainties related to successfully commercializing our products. In the past, commercial challenges have led to lower-than-expected sales and required us to adapt our business strategy. Moving forward, we may need to dedicate greater resources to our commercial efforts than we anticipate, and we may not realize a return on this investment. Additionally, we may be unsuccessful in accurately anticipating future rates of return for our products, which may adversely impact our accounting estimates. Furthermore, we may seek to enter into agreements with others to utilize their marketing and distribution capabilities, but may be unable to enter into agreements on favorable terms, if at all. If we rely on others to commercialize our products, our revenues may be lower than if we commercialized these products ourselves. In addition, we may have little or no control over such third parties’ sales efforts. If our partners commit insufficient resources to commercialize our products, and we cannot independently develop necessary marketing capabilities, we may be unable to generate sufficient product revenue to sustain our business. The commercial success of our products depends on the degree of market acceptance by physicians, patients, third-party payors and others in the medical community. The degree of market acceptance of our products will depend on numerous factors, including: • efficacy and potential advantages over alternative treatments; • the duration of protection provided by our products compared to those of our competitors; • acceptance of mRNA products generally and the availability of competing non-mRNA medicines that may be preferred by the medical community or the public; • safety and the prevalence and severity of any side effects, including any limitations, restrictions (including for use together with other medicines) or warnings contained in a product’s approved labeling; • the prevalence and severity of any side effects resulting from checkpoint inhibitors or other products or therapies with which our products are co-administered; • relative convenience and ease of administration; • the willingness of the target patient population to try, and physicians to prescribe, new therapies; • the strength of marketing and distribution support and timing of market introduction of competitive products; • whether our product presentation meets customer demand ; • publicity and health authority communications concerning our products or competing products and treatments; and 44 • product cost and sufficient third-party insurance coverage or reimbursement, and patients’ willingness to pay out-of-pocket in the absence of third-party coverage or adequate reimbursement. Even if a product candidate shows a favorable efficacy and safety profile in clinical trials, market acceptance will be unknown until after it is launched. Our efforts to educate the medical community and third-party payors on the benefits of our products may require significant resources and may never be successful. Sales of pharmaceutical products depend on the availability and extent of reimbursement from third-party payors, and we may be adversely impacted by changes to such reimbursement policies or rules. Sales of pharmaceutical products depend on adequate coverage, pricing and reimbursement from third-party payors. When a new product is approved, the availability and extent of government and private reimbursement, and the pricing, for that product may be uncertain. Additionally, pricing and reimbursement for any product we develop may be adversely affected by various factors, including: • changes in, and implementation of, federal, state or foreign government regulations or private third-party payors’ reimbursement policies; • pressure by employers on private health insurance plans to reduce costs; and • consolidation and increasing assertiveness of payors seeking price discounts or rebates in connection with the placement of our products on their formularies and, in some cases, the imposition of restrictions on access or coverage of particular drugs or pricing determined based on perceived value. Our ability to set the price for any product we develop will vary significantly by country. Our inability to obtain and maintain adequate prices in a particular country may limit the revenues from our products within that country and adversely affect our ability to secure acceptable prices in existing and potential new markets, which may limit market growth. This may create the opportunity for third-party cross-border trade or influence our decision whether to sell a product, thus adversely affecting our geographic expansion plans and revenues. Many payors continue to adopt benefit plan changes that shift a greater portion of prescription costs to patients, including more limited benefit plan designs, higher patient co-pay or co-insurance obligations and limitations on patients ’ use of commercial manufacturer co-pay payment assistance programs. Significant consolidation in the health insurance industry has resulted in a few large insurers and pharmacy benefit managers exerting greater pressure in pricing and usage negotiations with drug manufacturers, significantly increasing discounts and rebates required of manufacturers and limiting patient access and usage. Further consolidation among insurers, pharmacy benefit managers and other payors would increase the negotiating leverage such entities have over us and other drug manufacturers. Additional discounts, rebates, coverage or plan changes, restrictions or exclusions as described above could have a material adverse effect on sales of our affected products, particularly our therapeutic products or those that are individualized for a particular patient. Coverage and reimbursement by a third-party payor may depend on various factors, including the third-party payor’s determination that use of a product is a covered benefit under its health plan, safe, effective and medically necessary, appropriate for the specific patient, cost-effective and neither experimental nor investigational. Additionally, target patient populations for some of our product candidates may be small (e.g., for rare diseases) or require individual customization (e.g., for intismeran autogene). The pricing and reimbursement of our medicines, if approved, must be adequate to support commercial infrastructure. If we cannot obtain adequate levels of reimbursement, we may be unable to successfully market and sell our products. Further, inadequate reimbursement for services related to our products (e.g., for administration to patients) may discourage physicians from prescribing or recommending our products, adversely affecting our ability to market or sell those products. Federal legislative and regulatory efforts to implement reference pricing or most-favored-nation pricing models and other, similar regulatory actions could impact our product revenues and materially harm our business. On May 12, 2025, President Trump issued an executive order calling on pharmaceutical manufacturers to voluntarily reduce the prices of medicines in the U.S. and directing the Secretary of Health and Human Services (HHS) to communicate price targets to pharmaceutical manufacturers to align prices with those in comparably developed nations, an approach commonly referred to as "most-favored-nation" (MFN) pricing and, in the event significant progress towards MFN pricing is not delivered, to propose rulemaking to impose MFN pricing. MFN pricing models in the U.S. could also affect our international pricing strategy and future decisions on reimbursement and commercialization in certain jurisdictions. If our U.S. pricing becomes tied to international reference prices, we may face decisions regarding pricing in foreign markets that could result in reduced patient access internationally, affect our relationships with foreign regulatory authorities and payers, or impact our ability to obtain or maintain reimbursement approvals in ex-U.S. markets. 45 These reforms remain subject to change, potential legal challenges, or expansion through additional rulemaking or sub‑regulatory guidance, creating uncertainty for our overall pricing strategy. It remains to be seen whether and how these drug pricing initiatives will apply to our products, how they will affect the broader pharmaceutical industry, and whether similar reform measures may be adopted in the future. The market opportunities for our products and product candidates may be smaller than we believe, or we may be unable to successfully identify clinical trial participants. We focus certain of our research and development activities on treatments for severe rare genetic diseases, where patient populations are small and difficult to ascertain. Additionally, our products may only be approved for certain populations or lines of treatment. Our estimates of addressable patient populations are based on our beliefs and are derived from a variety of sources, including scientific literature, surveys of clinics, patient foundations or market research, and may prove to be incorrect. Further, new studies may change the estimated incidence or prevalence of these diseases. The number of trial participants may be lower than expected and potential clinical trial participants or patients may not be otherwise amenable to treatment with our product candidates or products, or new clinical trial participants or patients may become increasingly difficult to identify or gain access to. Even if we obtain significant market share for our products, if approved, because the potential target populations are small, these medicines may never be profitable. Furthermore, the size of markets that we target may be impacted by health authority recommendations regarding who should receive our products, which may be impacted by the new U.S. federal government administration. Risks related to our pipeline, product development and regulatory review If we cannot obtain, or are delayed in obtaining, regulatory approvals and advisory committee recommendations, we will be unable to effectively commercialize, or will be delayed in commercializing, our product candidates. Any products we may develop are subject to comprehensive regulation by the FDA and comparable foreign regulators. To obtain required regulatory approvals to commercialize any product candidate, we must demonstrate through extensive preclinical studies and clinical trials that our products are safe and effective for their intended use. In addition, regulators conduct pre-approval inspections and negative findings may lead to delay in approval and failure to commercialize a product candidate. Even once approved, products may be subject to recommendations from advisory committees, such as the ACIP, before or after they can be brought to market. To date, we have only received regulatory approvals for our COVID and RSV vaccines, and our current or future product candidates may never obtain regulatory approval or advisory committee recommendations . We may need to rely on third parties to assist us in making applications for marketing approvals. Preclinical studies and clinical trials conducted in one country may not be accepted by regulators elsewhere, and regulatory approval in one country does not guarantee approval in another. Regulators may require that we conduct additional clinical trials to support our applications for approval beyond our clinical development plans, which may result in increased expense and delays in bringing our products to market. Additionally, the process of obtaining marketing approvals is expensive, time-consuming and uncertain, and can vary substantially based on many factors, including the type, complexity and novelty of the product candidates involved. Changes in marketing approval policies during the development period, changes in law or changes in regulatory review may delay the review of a submitted product application. For example, recent FDA policy updates regarding COVID vaccine approvals and the evidence expected for certain populations could require additional clinical data or trials to support broader indications, delay approvals or supplemental applications, or result in more limited labeled populations, which could adversely affect the timing and scope of commercialization for our COVID vaccines, including updated or variant-adapted formulations. The FDA and comparable foreign regulators have substantial discretion in the approval process and may refuse to accept any marketing approval application or may decide that our data are insufficient for marketing approval and require additional preclinical, clinical or other studies. In addition, varying interpretations of the data obtained from preclinical and clinical testing could delay, limit or prevent marketing approval of a product candidate. Additional delays or non-approval may result if an FDA advisory committee or other regulator recommends non-approval or restrictions on approval. 46 Clinical development is lengthy and uncertain, and our clinical programs may be delayed or terminated, or may be more costly to conduct than we anticipate. Clinical testing is expensive, complex and lengthy, and its outcome is inherently uncertain. Most product candidates that commence clinical trials are never approved as products. Although we have demonstrated historical success with our platform technology, we may not continue to realize the same levels of success with clinical trials in the future. We and our strategic collaborators also may experience unforeseen events during, or as a result of, clinical trials that could delay or prevent us or them from successfully developing our product candidates and gaining approval from regulators. Such events could include: • regulators, Institutional Review Boards (IRBs) or ethics committees may not authorize us or our investigators to commence a clinical trial or conduct a clinical trial at a prospective trial site; • we may experience delays in reaching, or fail to reach, agreement on favorable terms with prospective trial sites and prospective contract research organizations (CROs); • changes to the scale or site of our manufacturing could cause significant delays or changes in our clinical trial designs; • the outcome of our preclinical studies and our early clinical trials may not be predictive of the success of later clinical trials, and interim results of a clinical trial do not necessarily predict final results; • we may be unable to establish or achieve clinically meaningful endpoints for our studies; • if we make changes to our product candidates after clinical trials have commenced (which we have done in the past), we may be required to repeat earlier stages or delay later stages of clinical testing; • clinical trials of any product candidates may fail to show safety or efficacy, or may produce negative or inconclusive results, and we may decide, or regulators may require us, to conduct additional nonclinical studies or clinical trials, or we may decide to abandon product development programs; • our product candidates, or other medicines in the same class as ours, may cause significant adverse events or other undesirable side effects, such as the immunogenicity of the LNPs or their components, the immunogenicity of the protein made by the mRNA or degradation products, any of which could lead to serious adverse events, or other effects; • our third-party contractors may fail to comply with regulatory requirements or meet their contractual obligations to us in a timely manner, or at all, or may deviate from the applicable clinical trial protocol or withdraw from the applicable clinical trial, which may require that we add new clinical trial sites; • regulators may impose a complete or partial clinical hold on a clinical trial (or a trial of another company working on mRNA medicines), or we or our investigators, IRBs or ethics committees may suspend or terminate clinical research or trials for various reasons, including quality events, noncompliance with regulatory requirements or a finding that participants are being exposed to an unacceptable benefit-risk ratio; • the supply or quality of our product candidates or other materials necessary to conduct clinical trials may be insufficient or inadequate; • safety and efficacy concerns regarding our product candidates will be considered by us and by the FDA and other regulators as we pursue clinical trials of new product candidates, develop effective informed consent documentation and work with IRBs and scientific review committees (SRCs); • safety or efficacy concerns could arise from nonclinical or clinical testing of other therapies targeting a similar disease state or other therapies, such as gene therapy, that are perceived as similar to ours; • adverse side effects could be observed in future clinical trials where our product candidates are administered in combination with other therapies (such as the co-administration of intismeran autogene ); • delays in developing assays acceptable to the FDA or other regulators; and • a lack of adequate funding to continue a particular clinical trial, including due to higher-than-anticipated costs. Additionally, we have conducted and may conduct in the future “open-label” clinical trials, where both the patient and investigator know whether the patient is receiving the investigational product candidate, an approved drug or a placebo. The results from an open-label clinical trial may not be predictive of future clinical trial results from a controlled environment with a placebo or active control. Further, the FDA or other regulators may change the requirements for approval even after they have reviewed and commented on the design for our clinical trials. Significant preclinical or nonclinical testing and studies or clinical trial delays for our product candidates could allow our competitors to bring products to market before we do and could harm our business. 47 There are risks unique to each of our programs and modalities and risks applicable across programs and modalities, which may delay or prevent our ability to advance one or more of our programs in clinical development, obtain regulatory approval or commercialize our products. Certain features in our product candidates, including those related to mRNA, chemical modifications, surface chemistries, LNPs and their components, may result in risks that apply to some or all of our programs and modalities. As our product candidates progress, we or others may determine that certain of our risk allocation decisions were incorrect or insufficient, we made platform-level technology mistakes, individual programs or our mRNA science in general has technology or biology risks that were unknown or under-appreciated, our choices on how to develop our infrastructure to support our scale will result in an inability to manufacture our product candidates for clinical trials or otherwise impair our manufacturing or we have allocated resources in such a way that we cannot recover large investments or rapidly re-direct capital. We utilize earlier programs in a modality to understand the technology risks within the modality, including the program’s manufacturing and pharmaceutical properties. Even if our earlier programs in a modality are successful in any phase of development, other programs may fail at that stage, and any program may fail at a later phase of development . This may be a result of technical challenges or biology risk unique to that program. The biology risk across much of our pipeline represents targets and pathways not clinically validated by one or more approved drugs, and the risk that the targets or pathways that we have selected may not be effective will continue to apply across our current and future programs. As we progress our programs through clinical development, new technical challenges may arise that cause an entire modality to fail. Additionally, any portfolio-spanning risks, whether known or unknown, such as an increased risk of a particular type of side effect, if realized in any one of our programs, would have a material and adverse effect on our other programs and on our overall business. There are also specific additional risks to certain of our modalities and programs. For example, prophylactic vaccines typically require clinical testing in up to tens of thousands of healthy volunteers to define an approvable benefit-risk profile. The need to show a high degree of safety and tolerability when dosing healthy individuals could result in rare and even spurious safety findings, negatively impacting a program prior to or after commercial launch. Even if we observe positive safety, tolerability and levels of immunogenicity in early clinical trials, we may not observe acceptable safety or efficacy profiles in later-stage trials required for approval of these programs. There are many clinical and manufacturing challenges specific to intismeran autogene and any other neoantigen therapies we may develop. These include a rapid production turn-around time measured in weeks in order to supply patients before further progression and mutation of their tumors, the significant costs incurred in making individualized medicines and potential lack of immune responses due to the biology of the tumor or patient’s immune status. These risks apply to intismeran and other neoepitope investigational medicine programs. In addition, the translatability of target selec

=== MRNA_2026-05-01.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors Information regarding risk and uncertainties related to our business appears in Part I, Item 1A. “Risk Factors” of our 2025 Form 10-K. There have been no material changes from the risk factors previously disclosed in the 2025 Form 10-K. 38 Table of Contents Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities On August 1, 2022, our Board of Directors authorized a share repurchase program for our common stock of up to $3.0 billion, with no expiration date. During the three months ended March 31, 2026, there were no shares repurchased. As of March 31, 2026, $1.7 billion of our Board of Directors’ authorization for repurchases of our common stock remains outstanding, with no expiration date. For details about our share repurchase programs, please refer to Note 12 to our consolidated financial statements, as set forth in our 2025 Form 10-K. Item 5. Other Information None of our directors or officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) adopted or terminated a Rule 10b5-1 trading plan or arrangement or a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading plan or arrangement, as defined in Item 408(c) of Regulation S-K, during the fiscal quarter covered by this report. Item 6. Exhibits The Exhibits listed below are filed or incorporated by reference as part of this Form 10-Q. Exhibit No. Exhibit Index 10.1*†# Settle ment Agreement, d ated Marc h 3, 2026, by and between Arbutus Biopharma Corp. , Genevant Sciences GmbH , Genevant Sciences Ltd., Moderna, Inc. and Moderna TX, Inc. 31.1* Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 31.2* Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32.1+ Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 101.INS* XBRL Instance Document - The instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 101.SCH* XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL* XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Document 101.DEF* XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB* XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE* XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Link Document 104* Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL with applicable taxonomy extension information contained in Exhibits 101.) * Filed herewith + The certification furnished in Exhibit 32.1 hereto is deemed to accompany this Form 10-Q and will not be deemed “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Such certification will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filings under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, except to the extent that the Registrant specifically incorporates it by reference. † Certain portions of this exhibit (indicated by [***]) have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(10)(iv) of Regulation S-K. # Annexes, schedules and/or exhibits have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The Company undertakes to furnish supplemental copies of any of the omitted schedules or similar attachments upon request by the SEC. 39 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. MODERNA, INC. Date: By: /s/ Stéphane Bancel May 1, 2026 Stéphane Bancel Chief Executive Officer and Director ( Principal Executive Officer) Date: By: /s/ James M. Mock May 1, 2026 James M. Mock Chief Financial Officer ( Principal Financial Officer) 40 