=== LOW_2026-04-16.htm.gz ===
low-20260415 LOWES COMPANIES INC 0000060667 DEF 14A False iso4217:USD 0000060667 2025-02-01 2026-01-30 0000060667 2024-02-03 2025-01-31 0000060667 2023-02-04 2024-02-02 0000060667 2022-01-29 2023-02-03 0000060667 2021-01-30 2022-01-28 0000060667 ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-02-01 2026-01-30 0000060667 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-02-01 2026-01-30 0000060667 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-02-01 2026-01-30 0000060667 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-02-01 2026-01-30 0000060667 ecd:DvddsOrOthrErngsPdOnEqtyAwrdsNtOthrwsRflctdInTtlCompForCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-02-01 2026-01-30 0000060667 ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-02-01 2026-01-30 0000060667 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-02-01 2026-01-30 0000060667 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-02-01 2026-01-30 0000060667 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-02-01 2026-01-30 0000060667 ecd:DvddsOrOthrErngsPdOnEqtyAwrdsNtOthrwsRflctdInTtlCompForCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-02-01 2026-01-30 0000060667 2 2025-02-01 2026-01-30 0000060667 1 2025-02-01 2026-01-30 0000060667 3 2025-02-01 2026-01-30 0000060667 4 2025-02-01 2026-01-30 0000060667 5 2025-02-01 2026-01-30 0000060667 6 2025-02-01 2026-01-30 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A INFORMATION Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a party other than the Registrant CHECK THE APPROPRIATE BOX: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material under 240.14a-12 LOWE'S COMPANIES, INC. (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) PAYMENT OF FILING FEE (CHECK ALL BOXES THAT APPLY): No fee required Fee paid previously with preliminary materials Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11 2026 Notice of Annual Meeting of Shareholders Proxy Statement Overview of Lowe s Founded in 1921 IPO in 1961 Dividend Aristocrat 1,759 operating home improvement stores and outlets across 50 U.S. states 540+ branches serving large Pros ~300K associates 13% of our retail sales are online The world s 2nd largest home improvement retailer Note: Data as of the end of Fiscal Year 2025 (Jan. 30, 2026). 2026 Proxy Statement 1 Letter to Shareholders Marvin R. Ellison Richard W. Dreiling Dear Fellow Shareholders: Lowe s executed and performed well in 2025, demonstrating resilience against the backdrop of continued challenges in the housing macro environment. We achieved strong top- and bottom-line performance, including sales of $86.3 billion, operating margin of 11.8%, and adjusted operating margin 1 of 12.1%, while also returning $2.6 billion in dividends to shareholders. Lowe s is proud to share some highlights on what our Board and management team have been focused on over this past year: Advancing our Total Home Strategy: Our refreshed Total Home strategy continues to be our North Star as we invest in the business to create sustainable growth. This past year we launched several initiatives to drive customer penetration and loyalty with Pro and DIY customers aimed at strengthening sales and market share. We have also been working to effectively integrate emerging AI technology to enhance the customer and associate experience while improving operating efficiency. And importantly, we successfully completed two acquisitions Artisan Design Group and Foundation Building Materials that we believe will be key in our ability to deliver total home solutions for our customers. Board Alignment with Strategic Priorities: The complementary mix of skills and expertise our directors bring across key areas, including retail, marketing, e-commerce, supply chain, risk management, data protection, and sustainability, strengthens oversight of our strategy and positions Lowe s to best serve our customers as we navigate an evolving market. The development and evolution of our Total Home strategy has particularly benefited from the balance of perspectives provided by our longer-tenured directors with deep knowledge of the Company, and those of newer directors appointed through our refreshment process. Investing in Our Team: Our associates remain one of our most critical assets and we ve continued to invest in new tools and training to help them be successful in serving our customers. This also helps us stay competitive as an employer of choice to attract the best talent. We re pleased that our efforts are being recognized externally: J.D. Power named Lowe s #1 in customer satisfaction among home improvement retailers, and Fortune named us the #1 Most Admired Specialty Retailer. Engaging with Our Shareholders: Our shareholder engagement program continues to be a source of useful input to our Board and leadership team, and this year we each participated in many of these meetings to hear directly from our shareholders. We appreciate the perspectives and feedback our investors share, which help shape our strategy, programs and disclosures in a dynamic environment. We are confident in our future and ability to deliver value for our shareholders. Thank you for your continued investment in Lowe s and for the trust you have in our Board and management team as we advance our strategy. We encourage you to review this year s Proxy Statement in detail and vote your shares at our Annual Meeting on Friday, May 29, 2026. Sincerely, Marvin R. Ellison Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Richard W. Dreiling Lead Independent Director (1) Adjusted operating margin is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to Appendix A in this Proxy Statement for additional information as well as reconciliations between the Company s GAAP and non-GAAP financial results. 2 2026 Notice of Annual Meeting of Shareholders Date and Time Friday, May 29, 2026 10:00 a.m. Eastern Time Record Date March 23, 2026 Virtual Meeting Location www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com /LOW2026 Voting Matters The 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (the Annual Meeting ) of Lowe s Companies, Inc. (the Company ) will be held online via audio webcast at 10:00 a.m., Eastern Time, on Friday, May 29, 2026 at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/LOW2026 for the purpose of voting on the following matters: 1 To elect the 12 candidates nominated by the Board of Directors and named in the Proxy Statement for election as directors; FOR each of the 12 director nominees Page 12 2 To approve, on an advisory basis, the Company s named executive officer compensation in fiscal 2025; FOR Page 40 3 To ratify the appointment of Deloitte Touche LLP as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm for fiscal 2026; FOR Page 76 4-6 To consider and vote upon three shareholder proposals set forth in the accompanying Proxy Statement, if properly presented at the Annual Meeting; and AGAINST Page 79 To transact such other business as may properly come before the Annual Meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof. The Board of Directors unanimously recommends a vote FOR each of the director nominees in proposal 1 and a vote FOR proposals 2 and 3 and a vote AGAINST each of the shareholder proposals. The persons named as proxies will use their discretion to vote on other matters that may properly arise at the Annual Meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof. Only shareholders of record as of the close of business on March 23, 2026, will be entitled to notice of, and to vote at, the Annual Meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof. We are holding the Annual Meeting in an online-only format. You will not be able to attend the Annual Meeting in person. To attend the Annual Meeting, vote and submit your questions during the Annual Meeting, you will need to visit the Annual Meeting website noted above and enter your 16-digit control number found on your proxy card, voting instruction form, Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials or legal proxy, as applicable. Shareholders of record may follow these same instructions during the Annual Meeting to view the list of shareholders of record entitled to notice of the meeting. Prior to the Annual Meeting, you will be able to vote at www.proxyvote.com using your 16-digit control number or by the other methods described in the Proxy Statement. For more information on attending the online-only meeting, please see pages 92 to 96 of the Proxy Statement. Your vote is important. Whether or not you plan to attend the Annual Meeting, you are encouraged to review the proxy materials and vote as soon as possible to ensure that your shares are represented at the meeting . Sincerely, Juliette W. Pryor Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary April 16, 2026 How to Vote By Internet www.proxyvote.com By Telephone 1-800-690-6903 Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to Be Held on May 29, 2026: The 2026 Notice of Annual Meeting of Shareholders Proxy Statement and 2025 Annual Report to Shareholders are available at www.proxyvote.com . 2026 Proxy Statement 3 Table of Contents Letter to Shareholders 1 2026 Notice of Annual Meeting of Shareholders 2 Proxy Statement Highlights 4 Shareholder Engagement 11 PROPOSAL 1 Election of Directors 12 Director Nominees 18 Corporate Governance 24 Corporate Governance Guidelines and Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 24 Director Independence 24 Compensation of Directors 25 Board Meetings, Board Leadership Structure, Key Board Responsibilities and Committees 28 PROPOSAL 2 Advisory Vote to Approve the Company s Named Executive Officer Compensation in Fiscal 2025 40 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 41 Executive Summary 42 Compensation Elements 48 Compensation Decision-Making Process 50 Fiscal 2025 Compensation Actions 52 Other Compensation Policies 58 Compensation Committee Report 60 Compensation Tables 61 Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 74 Equity Compensation Plan Information 75 PROPOSAL 3 Ratification of the Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm for Fiscal 2026 76 Audit Matters 77 Report of the Audit Committee 77 Fees Paid to the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 78 PROPOSAL 4 Shareholder Proposal Independent Board Chairman 79 PROPOSAL 5 Shareholder Proposal Plastics Report 83 PROPOSAL 6 Shareholder Proposal Data Privacy Report 86 Related Person Transactions 89 Policy and Procedures for Review and Approval of Related Person Transactions 89 Approved Related Person Transactions 89 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 90 General Information 92 Additional Information 97 Delivery of Proxy Materials 97 Electronic Delivery of Proxy Materials 97 Shareholder Proposals for the 2027 Annual Meeting 97 Annual Report 98 Appendix A: Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures A- 1 Disclosure Regarding Forward-looking Statements This document includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Statements including words such as believe, expect, anticipate, plan, "desire", project, estimate, intend, will, should, could, would, may, strategy, goal, target, potential, opportunity, outlook, guidance, scenario and similar expressions are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve, among other things, expectations, projections and assumptions about future priorities, shareholder value, Lowe s strategic initiatives and our environmental, social and other sustainability plans and goals. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties, and we can give no assurance that they will prove to be correct or that any plan, initiative, projection, goal, target, commitment or expectation can or will be achieved. Actual results and outcomes may differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. Investors should carefully consider the risk and uncertainties described in Item 1A Risk Factors in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and as may be updated from time to time in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q or other subsequent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). All such forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and we do not undertake any obligation to update these statements other than as required by law. Inclusion of information in this Proxy Statement is not an indication that the subject or information is material to our business or operating results. Standards of measurement and performance made in reference to our environmental, social and other sustainability plans and goals may be based on evolving protocols and assumptions which may change or be refined. Website references throughout this document are provided for convenience only, and the content on the referenced websites is not incorporated by reference into this document. 4 Proxy Statement Highlights We seek to generate long-term sustainable shareholder value by driving operational excellence throughout the enterprise, consistently generating high levels of cash flow and optimizing our capital deployment. Over the years, we have demonstrated a strong commitment to returning capital to our shareholders and since 1961 have continued dividend growth. $46.3 Billion Cash Flows from Operations in the Last Five Years 26.1% 2025 Return on Invested Capital* 4.4% 2025 Per Share Increase in Annual Dividend $12.1 Billion Dividends Paid in the Last Five Years $37.4 Billion Shares Repurchased in the Last Five Years This summary highlights certain information for your review in connection with the Annual Meeting. This summary does not contain all of the information that you should consider, and you should read the entire Proxy Statement carefully before voting. References to Lowe s, the Company, we, us, our and similar terms refer to Lowe s Companies, Inc. Fiscal 2025 Financial Highlights $86.3 Billion In Sales $9.9 Billion Cash Flows from Operations $11.85 Diluted EPS $12.28 Adjusted Diluted EPS* * Return on Invested Capital ( ROIC ) is calculated using a non-GAAP financial measure, and adjusted diluted earnings per common share ( EPS ) is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to Appendix A in this Proxy Statement for the calculation of ROIC and a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures. Dividend Aristocrat Returned $2.6 Billion In Dividends to Shareholders in 2025 Annual Dividends per Share 2026 Proxy Statement 5 Proxy Statement Highlights Our Total Home Strategy In 2020, we unveiled our Total Home strategy to grow our market share by providing a one-stop solution for every project across the home for both do-it-yourself ( DIY ) and professional ( Pro ) customers. In fiscal 2025, we continued to execute on our Total Home strategy by remaining focused on enhancing our offering for the Pro customer, accelerating our online business, expanding installation services, leveraging our loyalty ecosystem, improving localization efforts and elevating our product assortment. Through the execution of our strategy over the last five years, we have grown our Pro and online sales despite a prolonged downturn in the home improvement market. Our Total Home strategy is designed to help our customers solve problems and fulfill dreams for the home. Looking ahead, we are confident that we are making the right investments in the business to grow market share, generate long-term growth and continue to create sustainable shareholder value. Total Home Strategy Solving problems and fulfilling dreams for the home Drive Pro penetration Accelerate online sales Expand home services Create a loyalty ecosystem Increase space productivity In June 2025, we acquired Artisan Design Group ( ADG ), a leading nationwide provider of design, distribution and installation services for interior surface finishes, including flooring, cabinets and countertops, with a home builder and property manager customer base. We also acquired Foundation Building Materials ( FBM ) in October 2025. FBM is a leading North American distributor of interior building products, including drywall, metal framing, ceiling systems, commercial doors and hardware, insulation and complementary products serving large residential and commercial professionals in both new construction and repair and remodel applications. Both of these acquisitions are expected to expand our large Pro offering and reach. 6 Proxy Statement Highlights Corporate Responsibility Corporate responsibility is a cornerstone of our Company and a key focus of management and the Board of Directors (the Board ). We are committed to our people, communities and planet. The Sustainability Committee of the Board oversees Lowe s environmental and social strategies. Our Sustainability Steering Committee, which is composed of executives and subject matter experts from across the Company, leads the Company s efforts to integrate corporate responsibility into our business. The full Board oversees workforce management and regularly engages with our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, our Executive Vice President, Human Resources and senior leadership on a broad range of related topics. The full Board reviews talent management topics on a regular basis. Our sustainability strategy focuses on goals and commitments across three pillars Our People Our Communities, Product Sustainability and Operational Excellence. Our People Our Communities Foster engaged and healthy associates and safe working environments Provide an inclusive workplace where our associates can grow and thrive Serve our communities through a focus on safe, affordable housing and critical home repairs; skilled trades workforce development; disaster relief and recovery; and improved community spaces Product Sustainability Promote sustainable, responsible and ethical practices throughout our value chain Provide customers with eco-friendly, high-quality and safe products Help customers live more sustainably at home Operational Excellence Strengthen our business resilience and improve operational efficiency to reduce our impact on the environment Uphold responsible and ethical business practices throughout our organization Lowe s participates in the CDP s climate change, forests and water security questionnaires to benchmark and quantify our environmental practices and provide transparency on our progress. Additionally, our annual Corporate Responsibility Report references the Sustainable Accounting Standards Board, the Global Reporting Initiative, and the U.N. Sustainable Development Goals, and we publish our Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures ( TCFD ) Report to assess our climate-related risks and opportunities and better understand the potential impacts on our value chain. More information about Lowe s corporate responsibility efforts is available in our annual Corporate Responsibility Report and on our website at responsibility.lowes.com . The contents of our website are not incorporated by reference herein and are not deemed to be part of this Proxy Statement. Our corporate responsibility goals are aspirational and may change, and statements regarding our goals are not guarantees or promises that they will be met. 2026 Proxy Statement 7 Proxy Statement Highlights Board at a Glance Director Since Committees Name and Primary Occupation Audit Compensation Nominating and Governance Sustainability Technology Raul Alvarez, 70 | Operating Partner of Advent International Corporation 2010 Scott H. Baxter, 61 | President, Chief Executive Officer and Chair of the Board of Kontoor Brands, Inc. 2022 Sandra B. Cochran, 67 | Former President and Chief Executive Officer of Cracker Barrel Old Country Store, Inc. 2016 Laurie Z. Douglas, 62 | Senior Vice President, Chief Information Officer and Chief Digital Officer of Publix Super Markets, Inc. 2015 Richard W. Dreiling, 72 | Former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Dollar Tree, Inc. 2012 Marvin R. Ellison, 61 Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Lowe s 2018 Navdeep Gupta, 53 | Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer of DICK S Sporting Goods, Inc. 2024 Brian C. Rogers, 70 | Former Chairman and Chief Investment Officer of T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. 2018 Bertram L. Scott, 75 | Former Senior Vice President of Population Health and Value Based Care at Novant Health 2015 Lawrence Simkins, 64 | Former President and Chief Executive Officer of The Washington Companies 2024 Colleen Taylor, 58 | Former President, U.S. Merchant Services at American Express Company 2022 Mary Beth West, 63 | Former Senior Vice President, Chief Growth Officer of The Hershey Company 2021 * * Lead Independent Director Chair Member Board Composition Highlights 5 33% 50% New Independent Director Nominees in the Last Six Years Women Racially/Ethnically Diverse 7.6 Years 65 Years 11 of 12 Independent Director Nominee Average Tenure Independent Director Nominee Average Age Independent 8 Proxy Statement Highlights Skills and Experience Retail Industry CEO Experience 10 /12 8 /12 Marketing/Brand Management Regulatory/Risk Management 8 /12 6 /12 Digital/E-Commerce Cybersecurity/Data Protection 7 /12 2 /12 Supply Chain Management Sustainability 6 /12 5 /12 Public Company CFO/ Accounting Experience Investment Management/ Financial Analysis 3 /12 9 /12 Corporate Governance Best Practices Sound and Effective Board Practices Diverse, Engaged Board with Demonstrated Commitment to Refreshment and Independence Commitment to Shareholder Rights Active Board oversight of Lowe s strategy, business initiatives, acquisitions and their integration, industry positioning, workforce management, culture and environmental and social topics Active Board oversight of risk management, including cybersecurity, data protection, privacy and artificial intelligence Active Board engagement in succession planning of executive officers Annual Board, committee, individual director and CEO evaluations Robust shareholder engagement program, including participation of Lead Independent Director 11 out of 12 director nominees (92%) are independent Eight out of 12 director nominees (67%) are diverse with six (50%) people of color and four (33%) women A nnual review of Board leadership structure Lead Independent Director with robust and well-defined responsibilities All Board committees are composed solely of independent directors Executive sessions of independent directors led by the Lead Independent Director at each Board meeting Policy on director retirement age of 75 years old Proactive Board and committee refreshment with focus on optimal mix of skills and experience Shareholder ability to call special meetings Market standard shareholder right of proxy access Directors elected annually to serve one-year terms Majority voting standard with director resignation policy in uncontested director elections No shareholder rights plan Robust year-round shareholder engagement process 2026 Proxy Statement 9 Proxy Statement Highlights Overview of Our Executive Compensation Program Our Executive Compensation Program is Linked to Our Strategy Our executive compensation program is designed to drive long-term shareholder value by aligning executive pay with our strategy and shareholder interests and attracting and retaining talented executives. We have a long-standing commitment to pay for performance and provide a significant portion of compensation opportunities through variable pay arrangements. Our executive compensation program is designed to reward executives for growth in the Company s sales and earnings, the creation of long-term shareholder value and the effective execution of our business strategies and operating priorities. The primary objectives of our executive compensation program are to: Attract and retain executives who have the requisite leadership skills to support the Company s culture and strategic growth priorities; Maximize long-term shareholder value through alignment of executive and shareholder interests; Align executive compensation with the Company s business strategies; and Provide target total compensation that is competitive to market, with opportunity to earn above target pay when results exceed performance targets, and below target pay when results fall short of performance targets. Key Elements of Our 2025 Executive Compensation Program Our compensation mix is heavily performance-based with 73% of the CEO s and 58% of the other named executive officers ( NEOs ) average annualized target compensation at-risk and contingent upon the achievement of performance objectives or relative and absolute share price performance. Additionally, 79% of the CEO s and 75% of the other NEOs average compensation is in the form of long-term incentives. 2025 Compensation Program Components 73% Performance-Based 79% Long-Term 58% Performance-Based 75% Long-Term 7% Base Salary 13% Target Annual Incentive 14% Target Annual Incentive 12% Base Salary 20% Time-Vested Restricted Stock Awards CEO Compensation Other NEO Compensation 30% Time-Vested Restricted Stock Awards 30% Performance Share Units 39% Performance Share Units 20% Stock Options 15% Stock Options 10 Proxy Statement Highlights Compensation Best Practices Pay for Performance Compensation Policies What We Don t Do Target the majority of NEO compensation to be performance-based, at-risk and long-term oriented Operating income and sales metrics are equally weighted in annual incentive plan to promote profitable growth Pro sales growth and inventory turnover metrics in annual incentive plan represent key operational priorities for the business Relative total shareholder return modifier included in performance share unit payouts to reinforce the importance of aligning pay with shareholder outcomes ROIC metric is aligned with creating long-term value for shareholders Robust stock ownership guidelines for senior officers and non-employee directors Robust clawback policies applicable to cash and equity incentive-based compensation of senior executives if there is a financial restatement or if senior executives engage in misconduct Prohibition on hedging and pledging of Company common stock by our executives and directors Annual assessment of peer group composition, compensation-related risks and design of incentive plans Provide single-trigger severance payments or vesting or tax gross-ups following change-in-control Provide an evergreen provision in our long-term incentive plan Provide employment agreements to executives Reprice or exchange underwater stock options without shareholder approval Provide excessive perquisites 2026 PROPOSALS Board Recommends See Page 1 Election of Directors 12 2 Advisory Vote to Approve the Company s Named Executive Officer Compensation in Fiscal 202 5 40 3 Ratification of the Appointment of Deloitte Touche LLP as the Company s Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm for Fiscal 202 6 76 4 Shareholder Proposal Requesting an Independent Board Chairman 79 5 Shareholder Proposal Requesting Plastics Report 83 6 Shareholder Proposal Requesting Data Privacy Report 86 The Board of Directors of Lowe s Companies, Inc. is providing these materials to you in connection with the 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. The Annual Meeting will be held online via audio webcast at 10:00 a.m., Eastern Time, on Friday, May 29, 2026 at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/LOW2026 . This Proxy Statement and related materials were first made available starting April 16, 2026. 2026 Proxy Statement 11 Shareholder Engagement Lowe s recognizes the value of engaging with our shareholders and understanding their views. This past year, members of Lowe s management, with some participation from our Lead Independent Director, continued our long-standing practice of shareholder engagement, reinforcing our history of strong, long-term relationships with our shareholders. We engage with shareholders throughout the year so we can understand and consider the issues of importance to our shareholders and are able to address them appropriately. We regularly report the feedback from our shareholders to the Board s Nominating and Governance Committee and other relevant committees as appropriate, who also provide updates to the full Board. 2025 - 2026 Investor Engagement* Since our last annual shareholders meeting, we conducted investor engagement focused primarily on governance and sustainability topics. Overall, we received generally positive feedback on our current governance, compensation and sustainability practices. Contacted Representing Engaged Representing 31 investors ~48% outstanding shares 23 investors ~41% outstanding shares Engagements representing 27% of outstanding shares included the Lead Independent Director Key Items Discussed with Shareholders in 2025 and 2026 Business Performance and Strategic Direction Executive Succession Planning Workforce Management Efforts Board Oversight of Strategy and Acquisitions Board Composition and Director Skills Board Oversight of Risk GHG Emissions and Net-Zero Progress Executive Compensation Metrics and Goals Board Leadership Structure Environmental Sustainability and Nature-Related Impacts Overview of Lowe s Shareholder Engagement Cycle * Percentages of outstanding shares reflect most recently available public filings as of the date of outreach. 12 PROPOSAL 1 Election of Directors We are asking our shareholders to vote on the election of the 12 candidates nominated by the Board of Directors for election as directors. The size of the Board has been set at 12 and the Board has nominated the 12 candidates named in this proposal for election as directors at the Annual Meeting. If elected, each nominee will serve until his or her term expires at the 2027 Annual Meeting of Shareholders or until his or her successor is duly elected and qualified. Each nominee has agreed to be named in this Proxy Statement and to serve if elected. All of the nominees are currently serving as directors and were elected to the Board at the 2025 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. The Nominating and Governance Committee identifies, considers and recommends to the Board director nominees who have expertise that would complement and enhance the current Board s skills and experience. It also reviews the existing time commitments of director nominees to confirm that they do not have any obligations that would conflict with the time commitments of serving as a director of the Company. The Nominating and Governance Committee also looks to recruit candidates with varying perspectives, professional experience and skills. The Nominating and Governance Committee considers candidates for nomination to the Board from a number of sources, including third-party search firms and business and organizational contacts of the directors and management, so that the Committee can select the nominees who best support Lowe s present and future business needs. The Board remains mindful of refreshing its membership, and has added five new independent directors in the last six years. At the same time, the Company also believes that it benefits from having some longer-tenured directors on the Board, including our Lead Independent Director, who are familiar with the Company s business and can help facilitate the transfer of institutional knowledge. We believe the average tenure for our independent director nominees of 7.6 years reflects an appropriate balance between different perspectives brought by longer-serving and newer directors. Although the Company knows of no reason why any of the nominees would not be able to serve, if any nominee is unavailable for election, the proxy holders intend to vote your shares for any substitute nominee proposed by the Board. The Board of Directors unanimously recommends a vote FOR the election of each of the 12 nominees named in this proposal. 2026 Proxy Statement 13 Proposal 1: Election of Directors Director Nomination and Re-Nomination Process 1 Annual Board Continuation Review The Nominating and Governance Committee annually reviews each director s continuation on the Board prior to re-nomination to serve on the Board. 2 Director Skill Evaluation The Nominating and Governance Committee evaluates whether or not the director s skills, background, expertise, commitments, availability and contributions to the Board continues to support Lowe s present and future business needs. 3 Director Notification After the evaluation of a director, the Chair of the Nominating and Governance Committee and the Chairman of the Board inform each director under consideration of the Committee s decision. 4 Targeted Candidate Identification With the assistance of an independent search firm, the Nominating and Governance Committee conducts targeted searches to identify and evaluate well-qualified candidates who may have particular or complementary skills or backgrounds needed for the Company to execute its strategic vision. 5 Independent Search Firm Oversight When an independent search firm is used, the Nominating and Governance Committee retains the firm, directs and oversees its work and approves payment of its fees. 6 Shareholder Nominee Consideration The Nominating and Governance Committee will consider nominees recommended by shareholders, using the same process for screening and evaluating candidates suggested by directors, management of the Company or third parties. See Shareholder Proposals for the 2027 Annual Meeting elsewhere in this Proxy Statement for the timeframe for shareholders to provide notice of any nominations of persons for election to the Board. 14 Proposal 1: Election of Directors Board Composition and Refreshment The Board regularly seeks input from each of its directors with respect to the current composition of the Board in light of changes in our current and future business strategies, as well as our operating environment, as a means to identify any backgrounds or skill sets that may be helpful in maintaining or improving alignment between our Board composition and our business and strategy. In addition, we seek feedback from our shareholders regarding the backgrounds and skill sets that they believe would be additive to the mix of skills and backgrounds on our Board. The Nominating and Governance Committee considers this feedback in its director search and nomination process as well as re-nomination process. In order to promote thoughtful Board refreshment and to provide additional opportunities to maintain a balanced mix of perspectives, experience, skills and tenures, the Board has adopted a mandatory retirement policy for non-employee directors as set forth in our Corporate Governance Guidelines. No director who is or would be the age of 75 or older at the expiration of his or her current term may be nominated to a new term. The Board may, however, determine that special or unique circumstances make such nomination in the best interests of our Company and our shareholders. Nominee Bertram Scott will be 75 at the end of his current term. Based on the recommendation of the Nominating and Governance Committee, and in light of Mr. Scott s skills, experience, and contributions to the Board, the Board determined to nominate Mr. Scott for election to the Board at the 2026 Annual Meeting. In making this determination, the Board considered, among other things, the mix of tenures and overall composition of the Board, as well as the value of the skills and experience Mr. Scott contributes to the Board. In particular, the Board found that Mr. Scott brings over 20 years of leadership experience in highly regulated industries and adds valuable experience to the Board in the areas of development and implementation of strategy and risk management, and sales and marketing. Through his extensive experience as a board member of several public companies in a variety of industries, including retail, Mr. Scott provides valuable perspectives on corporate governance and supports the Board with deep knowledge of the financial and strategic issues facing large retail companies. He also brings a strong background in financial analysis and accounting oversight, including through his service as the Lowe s Audit Committee Chair from 2019 to 2024. REGULAR BOARD REFRESHMENT New Directors Mary Beth West Independent Director Colleen Taylor Independent Director Lawrence Simkins Independent Director Scott H. Baxter Independent Director Navdeep Gupta Independent Director 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 These directors have brought the following skills and experience to our Board: marketing e-commerce digital strategies retail leadership retail finance accounting operations and supply chain management sustainability and cybersecurity 2026 Proxy Statement 15 Proposal 1: Election of Directors Board Education and Engagement Directors receive a comprehensive orientation to the Company when they join the Board and continue to receive ongoing education and training relevant to our business. From time to time, directors are also offered the opportunity to learn more about specific risk matters through informal sessions with relevant executives and are empowered to seek access to management and independent advisors. DIRECTOR ONBOARDING ACCESS TO MANAGEMENT SHAREHOLDER ENGAGEMENT The Board prioritizes robust director orientation and onboarding programs to rapidly integrate new directors into boardroom discussion and maximize their contributions. In-person presentations by senior management on our strategic plan Overview of risk management and compliance programs Board mentor for directors who have not served on public boards Senior management maintains regular, ongoing contact with the Board and make themselves available for discussions outside of Board and committee meetings. Senior management interact with the Board during the annual strategy sessions and Board dinners Committee Chairs meet with management responsible for preparing agendas and related materials prior to each committee meeting Our Board values the input of our shareholders and receives periodic updates on shareholder engagement led by management. From time to time, our Lead Independent Director participates in direct engagement with shareholders. CEO BRIEFINGS CONTINUING EDUCATION SITE VISITS The CEO meets in executive session with the Board at every Board meeting to brief the Board on significant new and ongoing matters. In between Board meetings, the CEO has regular communication with the full Board, the Lead Independent Director, Committee Chairs, and has individual meetings with directors Monthly letter to the Board detailing financial performance and other highlights for each month To help reinforce the Board s knowledge and to help directors remain fully informed in evolving economic, regulatory and governance landscapes, external and internal educational opportunities are provided. Annual external speakers on the macro economic environment Deep dive sessions led by internal experts on cybersecurity and sustainability Access to the National Association of Corporate Directors and other continuing education programs Store and distribution center visits allow directors to obtain first-hand insight into how our strategy and culture are functioning on the ground. Directors are encouraged to visit stores at least once each quarter Site visits also allow directors to spend time with management to assess talent outside of the boardroom. 16 Proposal 1: Election of Directors Board Commitments The Board understands the significant time commitment involved with serving on the Board and its committees, and it takes steps to affirm that all director nominees will commit the time and attention expected to fulfill their duties and serve as an effective member of the Board. Our Nominating and Governance Committee and Board only nominate candidates who they believe are capable of devoting the necessary time to successfully meet their duties, taking into account principal occupations, memberships on other boards and other responsibilities. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines state that no director shall serve on more than four public company boards, inclusive of the Company s Board. Subject to any exception approved by the Nominating and Governance Committee, independent directors who serve as an executive officer of another public company may only serve on the board of directors of that company in addition to service on the Company s Board. Management directors may not serve on more than two public company boards, inclusive of the Company s Board. Our Board believes that these guidelines are appropriate for Lowe s in light of feedback received from our directors on reasonable time commitments required for board service, as well as discussions with our investors regarding their expectations on this topic. The Nominating and Governance Committee assesses directors time commitment to the Board throughout the year and annually reviews outside director time commitments, including any leadership positions on another public company s board of directors, to evaluate and confirm that all director nominees have demonstrated that they have committed and expect to commit appropriate time to serve effectively on the Board and its committees. Under our Corporate Governance Guidelines, directors must advise our Chairman of the Board and the Lead Independent Director prior to joining the board of another public company or accepting any assignment to serve on the audit or compensation committee of the board of directors of any public company of which such director is a member, or as non-executive chair, lead independent director or committee chair on any such board of directors. In addition, directors are expected to offer to resign from the Board as a result of a substantial change to their principal occupation, subject to further consideration by the Nominating and Governance Committee. This year, the Nominating and Governance Committee determined that all of the director nominees demonstrated that they have committed and will continue to commit the appropriate time to fulfill their duties and effectively serve on our Board and its committees. Additionally, based upon their current board commitments, all director nominees are expected to be in compliance with our Corporate Governance Guidelines regarding director commitments as of our 2026 Annual Meeting. This assessment included a review of the commitments of Messrs. Alvarez and Scott. In making these determinations, the Committee has taken into account the individual skills and experience of these two directors, their unique contributions to the Board s oversight of Company strategy, as well as the Company s own Corporate Governance Guidelines and the stated preferences of our institutional investors. The Committee intends to maintain its annual assessment of director commitments. Board Diversity The Board is committed to having diverse individuals (in the broadest sense of that term, including from different backgrounds and with varying perspectives, professional experience and skills) serving as members of the Board. The Board believes that a membership with a variety of perspectives and experiences is an important feature of a well-functioning board, and the composition of the Board reflects this commitment. The Nominating and Governance Committee actively considers diversity in the broadest sense when identifying director nominees and considering potential new director candidates, and during its annual assessment of Board composition, so that the Committee can select the nominees who best support Lowe s present and future business needs. Board Qualifications and Criteria Candidates nominated for election or re-election to the Board should possess the following qualifications: High personal and professional ethics, integrity, practical wisdom and mature judgment; Diverse perspectives and experience; Broad training and experience at the policy-making level in business, government, education or technology; Expertise that is useful to the Company and complementary to the background and experience of other Board members; Willingness to devote the required amount of time to carrying out duties and responsibilities of Board membership; Commitment to serve on the Board over a period of several years to develop knowledge about the Company s principal operations; and Willingness to represent the best interests of all shareholders and objectively appraise management performance. When determining whether to recommend a director for re-election, the Nominating and Governance Committee also considers the evaluation results of the Board, committees and individual directors and the attendance and overall engagement of the director in Board activities. 2026 Proxy Statement 17 Proposal 1: Election of Directors Director Nominees Skills, Backgrounds and Expertise Each of our director nominees has substantial leadership experience as a senior executive or director of a public company, providing them with deep corporate governance expertise and insights, and the human capital management experience needed to oversee our workforce as we strive to become the employer of choice in retail. Key qualifications and attributes of our director nominees relevant to our strategic objectives reflect their perspectives, skills and professional experience, and include: Alvarez Baxter Cochran Douglas Dreiling Ellison Rogers Scott Simkins West Gupta Taylor Skills Supporting Our Total Home Strategy Retail Industry Experience with the operational, financial and strategic issues facing large retailers Marketing/Brand Management Developing, supporting or overseeing the marketing and management of well-known brand names Digital/E-Commerce Expertise in digital platforms and new media supporting omnichannel strategy Supply Chain Management Managing or overseeing domestic and international supply chain design and logistics supporting diverse product assortments Sustainability Managing or overseeing strategies driving sustainable long-term value creation and advancing loyalty through responsible business practices Other Business Expertise CEO Experience Served as the senior executive of a publicly traded or private company Public Company CFO/Accounting Experience Served as the chief financial officer or in a role with oversight of accounting, financial reporting and controls for a publicly traded company Regulatory/Risk Management Legal/regulatory experience and/or experience managing enterprise or systemic risk Cybersecurity/Data Protection Management or oversight of cybersecurity programs and data protection and management Investment Management/Financial Analysis Experience in capital investment and financial strategy planning or analysis, capital allocation and financing markets Background Gender Diversity M M F F M M M M M M F F African American/Black Asian Hispanic/Latino White Two or More Races or Ethnicities Tenure Years of completed board service 15 3 10 11 14 7 2 8 10 2 4 5 18 Proposal 1: Election of Directors Director Nominees Raul Alvarez | 70 Director Since: 2010 Lowe s Board Committees: Compensation, Chair Technology Current Public Company Directorships: Eli Lilly and Company First Watch Restaurant Group, Inc. Traeger, Inc. Previous Public Company Boards: Dunkin Brands Group, Inc. (2012 2020) Key Skills Specific Experience, Qualifications, and Attributes Relevant to Lowe s Mr. Alvarez brings to the Lowe s Board more than 40 years of experience in the retail industry, as well as extensive executive leadership experience in managing some of the world s best known brands. As a senior executive of the leading global foodservice retailer and other global restaurant businesses, he developed in-depth knowledge of consumer marketing, brand management, supply chain management and strategic planning. Mr. Alvarez also has a strong background in capital investment and financial analysis through his role as an Operating Partner at a global private equity firm. He brings extensive corporate governance experience through his service as a director on other public and private company boards and is an experienced people leader with valuable perspectives on talent development topics. Mr. Alvarez also provides deep institutional knowledge of Lowe s through his service as a director on the Board since 2010. Career Highlights: 2017 present Operating Partner of Advent International Corporation, a global private equity firm 2013 2018 Executive Chairman of Skylark Co., Ltd., a leading restaurant operator in Japan 2006 2009 President and Chief Operating Officer of McDonald s Corporation, a leading global foodservice retailer 1994 2006 Variety of leadership positions at McDonald s Corporation, including President of McDonald s North America and President of McDonald s USA Prior to 1994 Variety of leadership positions at Wendy s International Inc. and Burger King Corporation Retail Industry Marketing/Brand Management Supply Chain Management CEO Experience Investment Management/ Financial Analysis Scott H. Baxter | 61 Director Since: 2022 Lowe s Board Committees: Compensation Sustainability Technology Current Public Company Directorships: Kontoor Brands, Inc. Previous Public Company Boards: Topgolf Callaway Brands Corp. (2019 2023) Key Skills Specific Experience, Qualifications, and Attributes Relevant to Lowe s Mr. Baxter brings to the Lowe s Board extensive executive leadership experience in the retail industry as well as expertise in marketing and brand management and developing digital growth strategies in support of an omnichannel customer experience. He has a strong background in a number of important areas, including operations, sales and strategic planning. Through his leadership positions, including as Chief Executive Officer, at leading global apparel companies, Mr. Baxter brings deep knowledge of large-scale supply chain functions, including sourcing, manufacturing and logistics, and background in overseeing sustainability strategies designed to advance customer loyalty, including responsible sourcing efforts. Mr. Baxter is skilled in human capital matters and brings to the Board valuable insights on talent management and development. Career Highlights: August 2021 present President, Chief Executive Officer and Chair of the Board of Kontoor Brands, Inc., a global lifestyle apparel company August 2018 August 2021 President and Chief Executive Officer of Kontoor following announcement by VF Corporation, one of the world s largest apparel, footwear and accessories companies, of its intention to separate its jeanswear organization into an independent, publicly traded company January 2018 August 2018 Group President, Americas West at VF Corporation 2007 2017 Variety of leadership positions at VF Corporation, including Group President, Outdoor Action Sports, Americas; Vice President, VF Corporation Group President, Jeanswear, Imagewear and South America; and President of the Licensed Sports Group Prior to 2007 Senior Vice President, Services division at The Home Depot, Inc. and leadership roles at Edward Don Company, PepsiCo and Nestle Retail Industry Marketing/Brand Management Digital/E- Commerce Supply Chain Management Sustainability CEO Experience 2026 Proxy Statement 19 Proposal 1: Election of Directors Sandra B. Cochran | 67 Director Since: 2016 Lowe s Board Committees: Audit, Chair Sustainability Current Public Company Directorships: Signet Jewelers Limited Six Flags Entertainment Corporation Previous Public Company Boards: Cracker Barrel Old Country Store, Inc. (2011 2024) Dollar General Corporation (2012 2020) Key Skills Specific Experience, Qualifications, and Attributes Relevant to Lowe s Ms. Cochran brings to Lowe s Board more than 30 years of retail experience as well as expertise in a number of important areas, including marketing, brand management and strategic planning. Ms. Cochran has significant executive-level financial analysis and accounting experience, which she developed while serving in multiple leadership finance positions, including as Chief Financial Officer of both Cracker Barrel Old Country Store, Inc. and Books-A-Million, Inc. In her tenure as Chief Executive Officer, Ms. Cochran oversaw Cracker Barrel s expansion of online ordering, delivery services and retail e- commerce platform, and through that experience provides valuable knowledge and perspectives on omnichannel and digital platform growth. She also brings experience in overseeing strategies designed to drive long-term value creation, including integrating sustainable practices into supply chain management. Career Highlights: November 2023 February 2024 Executive Chair of Cracker Barrel Old Country Store, Inc., a restaurant and retail concept with locations throughout the United States 2011 October 2023 President and Chief Executive Officer of Cracker Barrel 2010 2011 President and Chief Operating Officer of Cracker Barrel 2009 2010 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Cracker Barrel 2004 to 2009 Chief Executive Officer of Books-A-Million, Inc., a book retailer in the southeast United States 1992 to 2004 Variety of leadership positions at Books-A-Million, including President, Chief Financial Officer and Vice President of Finance Retail Industry Marketing/Brand Management Digital/E- Commerce Supply Chain Management Sustainability CEO Experience Public Company CFO/Accounting Experience Investment Management/ Financial Analysis Laurie Z. Douglas | 62 Director Since: 2015 Lowe s Board Committees: Audit Technology, Chair Key Skills Specific Experience, Qualifications, and Attributes Relevant to Lowe s Ms. Douglas brings to Lowe s Board many years of setting the enterprise technology, digital and security visions and driving the related implementations for two Fortune 500 companies. Ms. Douglas expertise spans broad IT disciplines, including application development and infrastructure, digital and mobile, omnichannel, cybersecurity, data protection, risk management and regulatory compliance. Ms. Douglas is a highly respected technology leader in the retail industry focused on driving shareholder value with technology solutions that foster premier customer service, operational excellence and profitable growth. Ms. Douglas has financial management responsibility for IT investments and is skilled in financial strategy planning and analysis. Ms. Douglas also has relevant experience with emerging technologies, which provides for effective oversight as technology changes at an unprecedented rate. Additionally, Ms. Douglas is skilled in the area of human capital management, having been responsible for the hiring, training and retention of technology and digital teams. Career Highlights: 2019 present Senior Vice President, Chief Information Officer and Chief Digital Officer of Publix Super Markets, Inc., an operator of retail food and pharmacy in the southeast United States 2006 2018 Senior Vice President, Chief Information Officer and Chief Security Officer of Publix Super Markets 2004 2005 Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer of FedEx Kinko s Office and Print Services, Inc. 2003 2004 Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer of Kinko s, Inc. Retail Industry Digital/E- Commerce Regulatory/Risk Management Cybersecurity/ Data Protection Investment Management/ Financial Analysis 20 Proposal 1: Election of Directors Richard W. Dreiling | 72 Director Since: 2012 Lead Independent Director Lowe s Board Committees: Nominating and Governance, Chair Current Public Company Directorships: Aramark Corporation Previous Public Company Boards: Dollar Tree, Inc. (2022 2024) Kellogg Company (2016 2023) PulteGroup, Inc. (2015 2022) Aramark Corporation (2016 2022) Key Skills Specific Experience, Qualifications, and Attributes Relevant to Lowe s Mr. Dreiling brings to Lowe s Board more than 50 years of retail industry experience at all operating levels, including as Chief Executive Officer, and a unique perspective as a result of his experience progressing through the ranks within various retail companies. Over the course of his career, Mr. Dreiling has developed deep insight into all key areas of a retail business as a result of his experience overseeing the operations, marketing, manufacturing and distribution functions of a number of retail companies. Mr. Dreiling also has strong business development expertise in expanding the footprint and offerings provided by several retailers into new regions. Mr. Dreiling provides deep institutional knowledge of Lowe s through his service as a director on the Board since 2012. Career Highlights: January 2023 November 2024 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Dollar Tree, Inc., a leading operator of discount variety stores March 2022 January 2023 Executive Chairman of Dollar Tree 2015 2016 Chairman of Dollar General Corporation, one of the nation s largest discount retailers 2008 2015 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Dollar General 2007 to 2008 President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Duane Reade Holdings, Inc. and Duane Reade Inc., an operator of a chain of retail drug stores in New York City 2005 to 2007 President and Chief Executive Officer of Duane Reade Holdings, Inc. and Duane Reade Inc. Prior to 2005 Variety of senior leadership positions at Longs Drug Stores Corporation, Safeway, Inc. and Vons Co Inc. Retail Industry Marketing/Brand Management Supply Chain Management CEO Experience Marvin R. Ellison | 61 Director Since: 2018 Chairman of the Board Current Public Company Directorships: FedEx Corporation Key Skills Specific Experience, Qualifications, and Attributes Relevant to Lowe s Mr. Ellison has more than 35 years of leadership and operational experience in the retail industry, including expertise in managing a large network of stores and employees as well as global logistics networks. He brings extensive experience in the home improvement industry, having spent 12 years in senior-level operations roles with The Home Depot, where he oversaw U.S. sales, operations, installation services, tool rental and Pro strategic initiatives, and improved customer service and efficiency across the organization to serve both DIY and Pro customers. Mr. Ellison is also skilled in shaping compelling brand strategies to enhance customer engagement and driving digital transformation and e-commerce growth initiatives in support of an omnichannel customer experience. Career Highlights: May 2021 present Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Lowe s 2018 May 2021 President and Chief Executive Officer of Lowe s 2016 2018 Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of J. C. Penney Company, Inc., a department store retailer 2015 2016 Chief Executive Officer of J. C. Penney Company 2014 2015 President of J. C. Penney Company 2002 2014 Variety of leadership positions at The Home Depot Inc., a home improvement retailer, including Executive Vice President U.S. Stores; President Northern Division; Senior Vice President Logistics; Vice President Logistics; and Vice President Loss Prevention 1987 2002 Variety of operational roles with Target Corporation Retail Industry Marketing/Brand Management Digital/E- Commerce Supply Chain Management CEO Experience 2026 Proxy Statement 21 Proposal 1: Election of Directors Navdeep Gupta | 53 Director Since: 2024 Lowe s Board Committees: Compensation Technology Key Skills Specific Experience, Qualifications, and Attributes Relevant to Lowe s Mr. Gupta brings extensive retail finance and management experience to the Lowe s Board. Over the course of his career, Mr. Gupta has developed deep insight into the complex financial and strategic issues facing large public retail companies, and he provides valuable perspectives in the areas of financial strategy planning and analysis, capital allocation, risk management and accounting. In his role as Chief Financial Officer at DICK S, Mr. Gupta also oversees GameChanger, a live streaming, scoring and statistic mobile app for youth sports, and brings to the Lowe s Board experience in digital platforms and technology. Career Highlights: 2021 present Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer of DICK S Sporting Goods, Inc., a leading omnichannel sporting goods retailer 2017 2021 Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer of DICK S 2006 2017 Variety of senior leadership positions at Advance Auto Parts, Inc., a leading retailer of automotive replacement parts and accessories, including Senior Vice President, Finance; Chief Audit Executive; and Vice President, Finance and Treasurer 2003 2006 Management roles at Sprint Nextel Corporation 1993 2000 Lieutenant in the Indian Navy Retail Industry Digital/E- Commerce Public Company CFO/Accounting Experience Regulatory/Risk Management Investment Management/ Financial Analysis Brian C. Rogers | 70 Director Since: 2018 Lowe s Board Committees: Audit Nominating and Governance Technology Current Public Company Directorships: RTX Corporation Key Skills Specific Experience, Qualifications, and Attributes Relevant to Lowe s Through his extensive investment and management roles, including as Chief Investment Officer and Chairman of T. Rowe Price, Mr. Rogers brings to the Lowe s Board extensive financial, investment and risk management expertise. In addition, his experience at T. Rowe Price, including as portfolio manager of one of the firm s largest funds, The T. Rowe Price Equity Income Fund, from its inception until 2015, provides our Board valuable insights into the views of institutional investors and perspectives on Company performance and opportunities. Mr. Rogers also has deep experience in strategies designed to drive sustainable long- term value creation, including overseeing the integration of sustainability factors into investment decisions. Career Highlights: 2017 2019 Non-Executive Chairman of T. Rowe Price Group, Inc., a global investment management organization 2007 2017 Chairman of T. Rowe Price Group 2004 2017 Chief Investment Officer of T. Rowe Price Group 1982 2004 Variety of senior leadership positions at T. Rowe Price Group Prior to 1982 Employed at Bankers Trust Company Sustainability CEO Experience Regulatory/Risk Management Investment Management/ Financial Analysis 22 Proposal 1: Election of Directors Bertram L. Scott | 75 Director Since: 2015 Lowe s Board Committees: Audit Nominating and Governance Current Public Company Directorships: Becton, Dickinson and Company Dollar Tree, Inc. Equitable Holdings, Inc. Previous Public Company Boards: AllianceBernstein Holding L.P. (2020 2022) Key Skills Specific Experience, Qualifications, and Attributes Relevant to Lowe s Mr. Scott has served in a variety of senior leadership positions in organizations that are in highly regulated industries and brings valuable experience to Lowe s Board in the areas of development and implementation of strategy and risk management. Mr. Scott also brings significant experience and responsibility in the areas of sales and marketing in his roles as Executive Vice President and Chief Institutional Development and Sales Officer of TIAA-CREF and President and Chief Executive Officer of TIAA-CREF Life Insurance Company. Through his extensive experience as a board member of several public companies in a variety of industries, including retail, Mr. Scott provides valuable perspectives on corporate governance and supports the Lowe s Board with deep knowledge of the financial and strategic issues facing large retail companies. He also brings a strong background in financial analysis and accounting oversight, including through his service as the Lowe s Audit Committee Chair from 2019 to 2024. Career Highlights: 2015 2019 Senior Vice President of Population Health and Value Based Care at Novant Health, a leading healthcare provider 2012 2014 President and Chief Executive Officer of Affinity Health Plan, a provider of New York State-sponsored health coverage 2010 2011 President, U.S. Commercial of CIGNA Corporation, a global health services organization 2000 2010 Executive Vice President and Chief Institutional Development and Sales Officer of TIAA-CREF 2000 2007 President and Chief Executive Officer of TIAA-CREF Life Insurance Company Retail Industry Marketing/Brand Management CEO Experience Public Company CFO/Accounting Experience Regulatory/Risk Management Investment Management/ Financial Analysis Lawrence Simkins | 64 Director Since: 2024 Lowe s Board Committees: Nominating and Governance Sustainability Previous Public Company Boards: Atlas Corp. (2019 2023) Seaspan Corporation (2017 2020) Key Skills Specific Experience, Qualifications, and Attributes Relevant to Lowe s Mr. Simkins has more than 30 years of leadership and operational management experience. As Chief Executive Officer of The Washington Companies, Mr. Simkins led multiple operating companies in a variety of highly-regulated sectors and provides in-depth knowledge into the key areas of strategic business development, risk management, safety and supply chain management. In addition to extensive investment management, financial analysis and accounting expertise, Mr. Simkins brings valuable perspectives on corporate governance through his past service as a member of the board of each individual Washington company where he provided enterprise-wide leadership and strategic direction. His background also provides insights into overseeing sustainability strategies designed to drive long-term value creation and responsible business practices across industrial and natural resource sectors. Career Highlights: 2001 2022 President and Chief Executive Officer of The Washington Companies, a group of privately owned companies and select public company investments in the sectors of rail and marine transportation, shipyards, mining, environmental construction, heavy equipment sales and aviation products 1988 2001 Variety of senior leadership roles at The Washington Companies, including Executive Vice President; President of Westran, Inc., a long haul trucking company; Controller of Washington Construction, an engineering and construction services company; Vice President of Envirocon, Inc., an environmental remediation company; and Internal Auditor of The Washington Companies 1985 1988 Bank Examiner at the Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis Supply Chain Management Sustainability CEO Experience Regulatory/Risk Management Investment Management/ Financial Analysis 2026 Proxy Statement 23 Proposal 1: Election of Directors Colleen Taylor | 58 Director Since: 2022 Lowe s Board Committees: Audit Sustainability Technology Previous Public Company Boards: Bill.com Holdings, Inc. (2020 2022) Key Skills Specific Experience, Qualifications, and Attributes Relevant to Lowe s Ms. Taylor brings to the Lowe s Board many years of senior leadership experience in the highly-regulated financial services industry with expertise in merchant services, banking and payments as well as a strong background in a number of other important areas, including risk management, strategic planning, investment management, financial analysis and brand management. As an experienced payments executive, she has been the accountable executive for technology and e-commerce capabilities delivered to some of the world s largest merchants and has gained a deep understanding of the key operational and financial issues facing large retailers. In her roles, Ms. Taylor has been responsible for technology risk management, the development of complex enterprise technology roadmaps and cybersecurity oversight. Additionally, Ms. Taylor is a highly experienced people leader and has led large global sales, product management and operations teams. Career Highlights: 2020 March 2026 President, U.S. Merchant Services at American Express Company, a diversified financial services company 2019 2020 Executive Vice President, Merchant Services at Wells Fargo Company, a banking and financial services company 2017 2019 Executive Vice President, New Payments at Mastercard Incorporated, a technology company in the global payments industry 2009 2017 Variety of leadership positions at Capital One Financial Corporation, a diversified financial services holding company, including Executive Vice President, Head of Treasury Management, Merchant Services and Enterprise Payments Retail Industry Marketing/Brand Management Digital/E- Commerce Regulatory/Risk Management Cybersecurity/ Data Protection Investment Management/ Financial Analysis Mary Beth West | 63 Director Since: 2021 Lowe s Board Committees: Compensation Sustainability, Chair Current Public Company Directorships: Albertsons Companies, Inc. Hasbro, Inc. Key Skills Specific Experience, Qualifications, and Attributes Relevant to Lowe s Ms. West brings to the Lowe s Board extensive executive leadership experience in marketing and building some of the world s most iconic brands. Ms. West has a strong background in developing compelling retail and sales experiences as well as managing large teams and possesses expertise in a number of important areas, including strategic and operational planning and execution. Throughout her career, Ms. West has played a key oversight role in the integration of sustainability principles into brand and corporate growth strategies to advance customer loyalty. In addition, Ms. West brings deep experience in developing digital and omnichannel growth strategies for complex consumer-brand and retail organizations using insights, analytics, innovation and research and development. Through her prior roles, Ms. West offers the Lowe s Board valuable perspectives in the areas of investment management, financial planning and capital allocation. Career Highlights: 2017 2020 Senior Vice President, Chief Growth Officer of The Hershey Company, a global confectionary manufacturer and marketer 2015 2017 Executive Vice President, Chief Customer and Marketing Officer of J. C. Penney Company, Inc., a department store retailer 2012 2015 Executive Vice President, Chief Category and Marketing Officer of Mondelez International, Inc., one of the world s largest snack companies 2007 2012 Chief Marketing Officer of Kraft Foods, Inc. 1986 2007 Variety of other general management and marketing roles at Kraft Foods, Inc. Retail Industry Marketing/Brand Management Digital/E- Commerce Sustainability Investment Management/ Financial Analysis 24 Corporate Governance Corporate Governance Guidelines and Code of Business Conduct and Ethics The Board has adopted Corporate Governance Guidelines setting forth guidelines and standards with respect to the role and composition of the Board, the functioning of the Board and its committees, the compensation of directors, succession planning and management development, the Board s and its committees access to independent advisors and other matters. The Nominating and Governance Committee of the Board regularly reviews and assesses corporate governance developments and recommends to the Board modifications to the Corporate Governance Guidelines as warranted. The Company has also adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics for its directors, officers and associates. The Corporate Governance Guidelines and the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics are posted on the Company s website at ir.lowes.com . Director Independence 11 of 12 Director Nominees are Independent All Committees are Composed Solely of Independent Directors The Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines provide that, in accordance with Lowe s long-standing policy and the applicable rules of the New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE ), a substantial majority of the members of the Board must qualify as independent directors. The rules and regulations of the NYSE (the NYSE rules ) provide that a director does not qualify as independent unless the board of directors affirmatively determines that the director has no material relationship with the Company (either directly or as a partner, shareholder or officer of an organization that has a relationship with the Company). The NYSE rules recommend that a board of directors consider all of the relevant facts and circumstances in determining the materiality of a director s relationship with a company. The Board has adopted Categorical Standards for Determination of Director Independence (the Categorical Standards ), which incorporate the independence standards of the NYSE rules, to assist the Board in determining whether a particular relationship a director has with the Company is a material relationship that would impair the director s independence. The Categorical Standards establish thresholds at which directors relationships with the Company are deemed to be not material and, therefore, shall not disqualify any director or director nominee from being considered independent. The Categorical Standards are contained in our Corporate Governance Guidelines and are available on the Company s website at ir.lowes.com . The Board, with the assistance of the Nominating and Governance Committee, conducted an evaluation of director independence based on the Categorical Standards, NYSE rules and SEC rules and regulations (the SEC rules ). The Board considered all relevant transactions, relationships or arrangements between each director or director nominee (and such individual s immediate family members and affiliates) and each of Lowe s, its management and its independent registered public accounting firm in each of the most recent three completed fiscal years. In determining the independence of each director or director nominee, the Board considered and deemed immaterial to such individual s independence transactions involving the purchase or sale of products and services in the ordinary course of business between the Company, on the one hand, and, on the other, companies or organizations at which some of our directors or their immediate family members were officers, employees or directors in each of the most recent three completed fiscal years. In each case, the amount paid to or received from these companies or organizations was well below 2% of total revenue of such companies or organizations and consequently below the threshold set forth in our Categorical Standards. With respect to Mr. Scott, the Board considered that his son commenced employment with the Company in a non-officer, non-strategic position in February 2024, and does not receive greater than $120,000 in annual compensation. Mr. Scott has no role in setting his son s compensation, performance evaluations, or any other aspects of his employment. Mr. Scott s son s compensation is on terms that are comparable to the terms available to similarly situated employees. 2026 Proxy Statement 25 Corporate Governance In addition, the Board considered the amount of any discretionary charitable contributions made by the Company in each of the most recent three completed fiscal years to charitable organizations where a director, a director nominee or a member of such individual s immediate family serves as a director or trustee. The Company has not made payments to any such organization in any of the last three fiscal years exceeding $120,000, except for $125,000 donations in each of fiscal 2024 and 2023 to the American Heart Association where Mr. Scott is a director. As a result of the evaluation of the transactions, relationships or arrangements that do exist or did exist within the most recent three completed fiscal years (except for Mr. Ellison s), the Board determined that they all fall well below the thresholds in the Categorical Standards. Consequently, the Board determined that each of Messrs. Alvarez, Baxter, Dreiling, Gupta, Rogers, Scott and Simkins and Mses. Cochran, Douglas, Taylor and West qualifies as an independent director under the Categorical Standards, NYSE rules and SEC rules. The Board also determined that each member of the Audit, Compensation, Nominating and Governance, Sustainability and Technology Committees (see membership information below under Board Meetings, Board Leadership Structure, Key Board Responsibilities and Committees Board Committees ) is independent, including that each member of the Audit Committee is independent as that term is defined under Rule 10A-3(b)(1)(ii) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and that each member of the Compensation Committee is a non- employee director as defined under Rule 16b-3(b)(3)(i) of the Exchange Act. Mr. Ellison is not independent due to his employment by the Company as President and Chief Executive Officer. Compensation of Directors 2025 Director Compensation 2025 Annual Compensation Lead Independent Director Compensation ($) Additional Annual Retainer $100,000 $215,000 Deferred Stock Awards $100,000 Cash Retainer 2025 Additional Retainers Committee Chair Retainer Audit Committee $ 30,000 Compensation Committee $ 25,000 Nominating and Governance Committee $20,000 Sustainability Committee $20,000 Technology Committee $20,000 Compensation Philosophy The Compensation Committee reviews director compensation annually with the advice of its independent compensation consultant and recommends changes to the Board for approval. The Compensation Committee assesses director compensation to align with Board and committee requirements and for market competitiveness against the Company s Peer Group as described in the Compensation Market Data and Peer Group section of this Proxy Statement and other large general industry companies. When reviewing director compensation for fiscal 2025, the Compensation Committee s independent compensation consultant advised that director pay levels were aligned with the median of the Company s Peer Group and pay practices align with market but recommended an increase of $15,000 to the annual deferred stock unit equity award for non-employee directors in recognition of expected market movement. The Board, upon recommendation of the Compensation Committee, approved annual deferred stock unit equity award for non-employee directors set at $215,000 and annual retainers for the Chairs of the Audit and Compensation Committees set at $30,000 and $25,000, respectively, to align with the scope of responsibilities and activity level of the role. Lowe s philosophy on compensating directors who are not employees ( non-employee directors ) is to use a mix of cash and equity that will align the interests of our directors with the long-term interests of Lowe s shareholders and compensate our directors fairly and competitively for the obligations and responsibilities of serving as a director at a company of Lowe s size and scope. To implement this philosophy, we target a split of one-third cash and two-thirds equity, with total target compensation at the median of the Company s Peer Group. A director who is an employee of the Company receives no additional compensation for his or her services as a director. A non-employee director receives compensation for his or her services as described in the following paragraphs. All directors are reimbursed for reasonable expenses incurred in connection with attendance at Board and committee meetings, conducting store visits and fulfilling other activities in their role as directors. 26 Corporate Governance Annual Retainer Fees For fiscal 2025, each non-employee director was paid an annual cash retainer of $100,000. Our directors do not receive any meeting fees and do not receive any additional compensation for committee service other than for serving as a committee chair. Non-employee directors who served as the Chair of the Nominating and Governance Committee, Sustainability Committee or Technology Committee received an additional $20,000, the Chair of the Compensation Committee received an additional $25,000 and the Chair of the Audit Committee received an additional $30,000 . The Lead Independent Director received an additional $100,000. All annual retainers, committee chair and Lead Independent Director fees are paid quarterly. Stock Awards The Board believes that director stock ownership provides greater alignment of interests between directors and shareholders and promotes strong corporate governance practices. The compensation plan adopted by the Board for non-employee directors adheres to this principle by providing a substantial portion of such director s compensation in deferred stock units, which are credited to a deferral account during the term of such director s service and are payable to the director upon the director s termination of service as a director (or to the director s estate if the director should die while serving on the Board) in one share of common stock per deferred stock unit only upon the director s termination of service as a director. Non-employee directors receive grants of deferred stock units at the first Board meeting following the Annual Meeting of Shareholders each year (the Award Date ). The annual grant of deferred stock units for each of the Company s non- employee directors is determined by taking the annual grant amount and dividing it by the closing price of a share of common stock as reported on the NYSE on the Award Date, which amount is then rounded up to the next 100 units. Grants are pro- rated for directors elected to the Board other than at the Annual Meeting of Shareholders. The deferred stock units receive dividend equivalent credits, in the form of additional units, for any cash dividends subsequently paid with respect to common stock. Beginning in 2022, all units credited to a director vest on the earlier of the first anniversary of the Award Date and the day immediately preceding the next Annual Meeting of Shareholders, subject to acceleration in certain circumstances. For fiscal 2025, each non-employee director received an annual equity award of $215,000 . Deferral of Annual Retainer Fees Each non-employee director may elect to defer receipt of all, or a portion in 25% increments, of the annual retainer and any committee chair or Lead Independent Director fees otherwise payable to the director in cash. Deferrals are credited to a bookkeeping account as of the date retainers or fees otherwise would have been paid, and account values are adjusted based on the investment alternative selected by the director. One investment alternative adjusts the account value based on interest calculated in the same manner and at the same rate as interest on amounts invested in the short-term interest fund option available to employees participating in the Lowe s 401(k) Plan, a tax-qualified, defined contribution plan sponsored by the Company. The other investment alternative assumes that the deferrals are invested in common stock with reinvestment of all dividends. At the end of each calendar year, a director participating in the plan makes an election to allocate the fees deferred for the following year between the two investment alternatives in 25% increments. Account balances may not be reallocated between the investment alternatives. Account balances are paid in cash in a single sum payment following the termination of a director s service. 2026 Proxy Statement 27 Corporate Governance Fiscal 2025 Compensation The following table shows the compensation paid to each non-employee director who served on the Board in fiscal 2025: Name Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ($) Stock Awards ($) (1) All Other Compensation ($) (2) Total ($) Raul Alvarez 125,000 225,730 350,730 David H. Batchelder 50,000 59,180 109,180 Scott H. Baxter 100,000 225,730 325,730 Sandra B. Cochran 130,000 225,730 355,730 Laurie Z. Douglas 120,000 225,730 345,730 Richard W. Dreiling 220,000 225,730 445,730 Navdeep Gupta 100,000 225,730 325,730 Brian C. Rogers 100,000 225,730 325,730 Bertram L. Scott 100,000 225,730 325,730 Lawrence Simkins 100,000 225,730 10,000 335,730 Colleen Taylor 100,000 225,730 10,000 335,730 Mary Beth West 120,000 225,730 345,730 (1) The dollar amount shown for these stock awards represents the aggregate grant date fair value computed in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718 Compensation Stock Compensation ( FASB ASC Topic 718 ) for 1,000 deferred stock units granted to each non-employee director. See Note 11, Share-Based Payments to the Company s consolidated financial statements in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 30, 2026 for additional information about the Company s accounting for share-based compensation arrangements, including the assumptions used for calculating the grant date value of the deferred stock units. These amounts do not correspond to the actual value that may be recognized by a director with respect to these awards when they are paid in the form of common stock after the termination of the director s service. (2) The amounts reported in All Other Compensation include (i) $57,680 representing the aggregate incremental cost to the Company of a retirement gift trip provided to one director in connection with his retirement from the Board and approximately $1,500 in Lowe's merchandise, and (ii) Company matching charitable contributions of $10,000 for each of two directors made to the Lowe s Employee Relief Fund ( LERF ), a Section 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization that provides support to Company associates and their immediate family members who have experienced significant unforeseen financial hardship. The Company s dollar-for-dollar match of discretionary contributions to LERF is available to all Company employees and non-employee directors. The following table shows the number of deferred stock units held by each non-employee director as of January 30, 2026: Name Deferred Stock Units (#) Raul Alvarez 41,526 Scott H. Baxter 3,939 Sandra B. Cochran 15,970 Laurie Z. Douglas 18,637 Richard W. Dreiling 39,579 Navdeep Gupta 2,039 Brian C. Rogers 11,125 Bertram L. Scott 15,970 Lawrence Simkins 2,039 Colleen Taylor 4,271 Mary Beth West 5,252 28 Corporate Governance Director Stock Ownership Guidelines To provide for our directors to become and remain meaningfully invested in our common stock, non-employee directors are required to own shares of common stock having a market value equal to five times the annual retainer fee payable to them. A non-employee director must meet the stock ownership requirement within five years of becoming a member of the Board. In addition to shares owned by non-employee directors, the full value of deferred stock units is counted for purposes of determining a director s compliance with the stock ownership requirement. All of our current directors have met or are on track to meet their stock ownership requirement within the five-year timeframe . Board Meetings, Board Leadership Structure, Key Board Responsibilities a nd Committees Attendance at Board and Committee Meetings During fiscal 2025, the Board held eight meetings. Each incumbent director attended 88% or more of the aggregate number of meetings of the Board and committees of the Board on which the director served during fiscal 2025. Executive Sessions of the Independent Directors The independent directors meet in executive session at each of the regularly scheduled Board meetings and as necessary at other Board meetings. The Lead Independent Director presides over these executive sessions and, in the Lead Independent Director s absence, the independent directors will select another independent director present to preside. Annual Meetings of Lowe s Shareholders Directors are expected to attend the Annual Meeting. All directors in office at the time, other than two directors whose absences were excused, attended last year s Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which was held virtually. Annual Board, Committee and Individual Director Evaluations Our Board recognizes that a robust and constructive evaluation process is a key component of Board effectiveness. The Board, with the assistance of the Nominating and Governance Committee, conducts a self-evaluation annually to assess its performance. Additionally, each committee conducts an annual self-evaluation and each director annually evaluates each other director s performance. The annual review process is supplemented by regular one-on-one conversations between our Lead Independent Director and our Board members, and our Lead Independent Director conveys the feedback on an ongoing basis to our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer. Additionally, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer and Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary each routinely communicates with our Board members to obtain real-time feedback. 2026 Proxy Statement 29 Corporate Governance Evaluation Process PLANNING The Chair of the Nominating and Governance Committee and our Lead Independent Director review the format and process of the annual evaluations, including the topics to be addressed. QUESTIONNAIRES Each director completes qualitative questionnaires evaluating the full Board, individual director performance and the committees on which the director serves. The questionnaires provide space for and encourage candid commentary. Evaluation topics cover several areas, including: Board composition; Frequency and format of Board meetings (e.g., topics covered, time allocations and materials); Director access to management; Committee structure; and Individual director attendance, preparedness, participation and contributions to Board discussion. BOARD COMMITTEE DISCUSSIONS Anonymized results of the Board and committee evaluations are reported to the Lead Independent Director and respective committee chairs with all comments provided verbatim. The results are reviewed and discussed in executive session of the Board and committee meetings. 1-ON-1 FEEDBACK Anonymized results of individual director evaluations are reported to the relevant director and Lead Independent Director. The Lead Independent Director schedules 1-on-1 meetings with each director to discuss the results. ACTION The Board and its committees use the results of the evaluation process to inform and enhance the Board s functioning as a strategic partner with management, as well as to support the Board s traditional monitoring and oversight function. Actions taken in response to the evaluation process include: Managing the composition and refreshment of the Board; Identifying director skill sets to support the Board s oversight of the Company s strategy; and Adapting Board committee structure. 30 Corporate Governance Board Leadership Structure Lowe s Board is committed to maintaining a leadership structure that provides independent oversight of senior management. At least once every year, the Board conducts a comprehensive evaluation of its leadership structure and elects a Chairman. As part of this evaluation, the Board reviews a variety of criteria, including shareholder feedback, Lowe s strategic goals, the current operating and governance environment, the skill set of the independent directors, the dynamics of the Board and the strengths and talents of Lowe s senior management at any given point in time. The Board does not believe that there is one leadership structure that is inherently optimal and regularly discusses what leadership structure is best suited for Lowe s and its shareholders at any given time. Lowe s Corporate Governance Guidelines permit the roles of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer to be filled by the same or different individuals. The Corporate Governance Guidelines further provide that if the Board determines the roles of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer are filled by the same individual, or if the Chairman is not an independent director, then a Lead Independent Director, who must be an independent director, will be elected by the independent directors annually at the meeting of the Board held in conjunction with the Annual Meeting of Shareholders. This approach provides the Board with flexibility to determine whether the two roles should be separate or combined based upon the Company s needs in light of the dynamic environment in which we operate and the Board s assessment of the Company s leadership needs at that time, taking into account the factors described above, including welcoming input from shareholders. At times when the roles are combined and a Lead Independent Director is elected, the Corporate Governance Guidelines specify a term limit of six years for the individual in the Lead Independent Director role. The Board believes that there is also strong alignment between other Company policies and practices that foster and enhance independent Board oversight of the Company. The Board has a robust set of responsibilities for the Lead Independent Director role as outlined below. Roles a nd Responsibilities of the Lead Independent Director Richard W. Dreiling Lead Independent Director The Lead Independent Director: Presides at all meetings of the Board at which the Chairman/CEO is not present, including executive sessions of independent directors; Serves as a liaison between the Chairman/ CEO and independent directors; Approves information sent to the Board; Approves meeting agendas for the Board; Approves meeting schedules to assure that there is sufficient time for discussion of all agenda items; Has the authority to call meetings of the independent directors; Provides feedback from executive sessions of independent directors to the Chairman/CEO; Coordinates, with the Nominating and Governance Committee, the annual performance evaluation of the Chairman/ CEO, the Board and each of its Committees and individual directors; and Promotes effective communication between the Board and shareholders and is available for consultation and direct communication with major shareholders. 2026 Proxy Statement 31 Corporate Governance Selection of Marvin R. Ellison as Chairman The Board first elected Marvin R. Ellison, our President and Chief Executive Officer, as Chairman of the Board in May 2021. After thoroughly reviewing and discussing the perspectives of our independent directors, the Company s current strategy and strategic goals, views of our shareholders, peer company practices and governance trends, the Board unanimously re-elected Mr. Ellison as Chairman in May 2025. The Board believes that Mr. Ellison s deep understanding of the Company s business, growth opportunities and challenges enables him to provide strong and effective leadership to the Board and to keep the Board fully informed of important issues facing the Company. Additionally, the Board believes that Mr. Ellison s exceptional leadership and track record of success since his appointment as President and Chief Executive Officer in 2018 make him qualified to facilitate discussions of the Board, foster an important unity of leadership between the Board and management and promote alignment of the Company s strategy with its operational execution. By serving as both CEO and Chairman of the Board, Mr. Ellison is able to speak on behalf of the Company on matters relating to the Company s business, while the Lead Independent Director can and often does speak on behalf of the Board regarding governance and oversight matters. Selection of Richard W. Dreiling as Lead Independent Director The independent directors reaffirmed the Board s commitment to active independent Board leadership by unanimously re- electing Richard W. Dreiling as Lead Independent Director in May 2025, a position he has held since May 2021. Mr. Dreiling previously served as independent Chairman of the Board since July 2018. Mr. Dreiling joined the Board in 2012 and brings more than 50 years of retail industry experience at all operating levels. Mr. Dreiling has strong executive leadership and strategic management skills in the retail industry including as a public company CEO, and a track record of enhancing operational effectiveness and overseeing risk management to yield value for shareholders. Through these qualities, the Board s selection and the robust responsibilities for our Lead Independent Director, Mr. Dreiling is empowered to provide independent leadership and oversight to the Board, our Company and our shareholders. Mr. Dreiling has significant authority and responsibilities as set forth above under Roles and Responsibilities of the Lead Independent Director. During the course of 2025, in addition to fulfilling the responsibilities set forth above, Mr. Dreiling met with shareholders representing approximately 27% of our outstanding shares as part of our investor engagement efforts. Mr. Dreiling regularly meets with Mr. Ellison and the Company s executive officers and advises on the scope, quality, quantity and timeliness of the flow of information between management and the Board. He also meets periodically with Board committee chairs to coordinate and support them in fulfilling their designated roles and responsibilities to the Board and facilitates discussion among the independent directors outside of regularly scheduled Board meetings and promotes alignment of the Company s strategy with management and operational strategic execution. 32 Corporate Governance Board s Oversight of Corporate Strategy Our Board is actively involved in overseeing, reviewing and guiding our corporate strategy. Our Board formally reviews our Company s business strategy, including the risks and opportunities facing the Company, at an annual strategic planning session. In addition, long-range strategic issues, including the performance and strategic fit of our businesses, are discussed at Board meetings throughout the year. Our Board engages in discussions with management on corporate strategy formally and informally, including during executive sessions of the Board as appropriate. As discussed in the Board s Oversight of Risk section below, our Board views risk management and oversight as an integral part of our strategic planning process, including mapping key risks to our corporate strategy and seeking to manage and mitigate risk. Our Board also views its own composition as a key component to effective strategic oversight. Accordingly, our Board and relevant Board committees consider our business strategy and the Company s regulatory, geographic and market environments when assessing Board composition and director succession. Board s Oversight of Workforce Management The Board views effective management of the workforce and Company culture as key to the Company s ability to execute its long-term strategy. The full Board oversees workforce management and regularly engages with our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, our Executive Vice President, Human Resources and senior leadership on a broad range of related topics. The full Board reviews talent management topics on a regular basis. Board s Oversight of Executive Succession Planning Our CEO and our Executive Vice President, Human Resources meet at least annually with the Board regarding succession planning for the Company s executive officers and other key positions in the Company. The Board reviews succession planning for the CEO at least annually and maintains an ongoing succession plan in the event the CEO is unexpectedly unavailable or unable to serve. The Board engages with the executive leadership pipeline through our annual strategy review and other presentations throughout the year that are facilitated by the successor candidates, as well as other events such as site visits. The Board reviews candidates for all executive officer positions to confirm that qualified successor-candidates are available for all key positions and that development plans are in place to strengthen the skills and qualifications of successor candidates. 2026 Proxy Statement 33 Corporate Governance Board s Oversight of Sustainability The Board views oversight and effective management of environmental and social issues and their related risks as important to the Company s ability to execute its strategy and achieve long-term sustainable growth. In addition to oversight by the full Board, the Board has also delegated primary responsibility for more frequent and in-depth oversight of the Company s environmental and social strategy to the Sustainability Committee. The Sustainability Committee of the Board receives regular updates on environmental and social topics from our Vice President, Corporate Sustainability. The Board also coordinates with its other committees to provide active Board- and committee-level oversight of the Company s management of environmental and social related risks across the relevant committees. Board s Oversight of Government Relations and Political Advocacy The Nominating and Governance Committee has oversight of Lowe s government relations activities, including political contributions, trade association memberships, lobbying priorities and the Lowe s Companies, Inc. Political Action Committee ( LOWPAC ). As part of its oversight role, the Committee monitors our ongoing political strategy as it relates to the overall public policy objectives for the Company. At least annually, our Senior Vice President, External Affairs provides the Committee with an overview of political contributions from corporate funds, if any, LOWPAC contributions, lobbying expenditures and information regarding our memberships with and payments to trade associations. Lowe s generally does not make contributions from corporate funds to political campaigns, super political action committees or political parties. Political contributions made by LOWPAC are approved by the Vice President, Government Affairs, with strategic guidance from its advisory committee, which consists of members of management across corporate and operational roles. All political advocacy is conducted to promote the interests of the Company and is made without regard for the private political preferences of Lowe s directors or executives. 34 Corporate Governance Board s Oversight of Risk Overview A summary of the current allocation of general risk oversight functions among management, the Board and its committ ee s is as follows: Board o f Directors Oversight of overall risks, with emphasis on strategic risks Audit Committee Compensation Committee Oversees the Company s risk, policies for risk management and specific risks associated with major financial exposures, legal matters, business continuity, operational risks and compliance with laws and regulations Oversees risks associated with the Company s compensation policies and practices Nominating a nd Governance Committee Sustainability Committee Technology Committee Oversees risks associated with our corporate governance practices and policies and our political activity Oversees risks associated with environmental and social issues Oversees risks associated with the Company s strategic technological initiatives and e-commerce matters including network security, data protection, privacy, cybersecurity, and significant emerging technologies Management Identification, assessment and management of risks Enterprise Risk Council Identifies and assesses material risks faced by the Company and evaluates action plans to mitigate material risks The primary responsibility for the identification, assessment and management of the various risks that we face begins with management. At the management level, risks are prioritized and assigned to senior leaders based on the risk s relationship to the leader s business area and focus. Those senior leaders develop plans to respond to the risks and measure the progress of risk management efforts through both a short and long-term approach. Our Chief Legal Officer provides centralized oversight of Lowe s enterprise risk management program, which is managed by our Chief Compliance Officer and the Enterprise Risk Management team in partnership with the Enterprise Risk Council ( ERC ), which is comprised of senior Company leaders with broad enterprise experience. The ERC supports the execution of the enterprise risk management program by (i) working to identify, assess and categorize existing risks faced by the Company, (ii) identifying senior leaders responsible for managing such risks and (iii) evaluating 2026 Proxy Statement 35 Corporate Governance action plans and progress to appropriately manage those risks. Additionally, the ERC identifies and assesses emerging risks in partnership with other senior leaders in alignment with new strategic initiatives and in response to the evolving business and industry landscape. Our enterprise risk register is evaluated and refreshed annually, which is then used to guide our risk mitigation, planning and progress reporting throughout the year. A longer-term lens of review, monitoring and development of mitigation activities may be applied to certain risks upon assessing potential impacts to our business in coordination with other internal functions and with input from industry data sources and benchmarking. Our enterprise risk management program operates separately from but in coordination with our disclosure controls and procedures, with the processes informing each other in the context of identification, assessment and management of risks and the assessment of appropriate disclosures. The Audit Committee coordinates the Board s and each committee s risk oversight. The Board s ongoing oversight of risk occurs at both the full Board and the Board committee level on a more focused basis as discussed throughout this Proxy Statement. ERC leadership annually provides an overview of the enterprise risk management program to the Audit Committee, which includes information on the Company s enterprise risk assessment process, key conclusions, categorizations and trends in identified risk exposures and mitigation focus areas. ERC leadership or the Chief Legal Officer also meet individually with each Board committee chair and the Lead Independent Director to obtain their perspectives on risks facing the Company and provides the Board with feedback on its enterprise risk assessments, as well as updates on the program, risk time horizons and trends in and status of key risks facing the business. Directors facilitate further discussion of risk matters in executive session as they deem necessary. Each of the Board committees regularly receives updates on key risk areas within their oversight responsibility from members of management with primary responsibility for managing those risk areas. For example, the Audit Committee receives regular updates from the Chief Legal Officer and Chief Compliance Officer on legal and regulatory risk and compliance matters. The Board s oversight of risks is designed to confirm that management has processes in place to deal appropriately with risk and to integrate management of such risks with the Company s business strategy as a whole. For example, our principal strategic risks are reviewed as part of the Board s regular discussion of our strategy and alignment of specific initiatives with that strategy. Similarly, at every meeting, the Board reviews the principal factors influencing our operating results, including the competitive environment, and discusses the major events, activities, risks and challenges affecting the Company with our senior executive officers. Cybersecurity and Data Protection Risk Oversight We have adopted physical, technological and administrative controls on cybersecurity. We require that cybersecurity awareness and data privacy training, along with company-wide and tailored training programs, be provided to associates annually. We also regularly conduct phishing and social engineering simulations, and host events to increase awareness, including an annual cybersecurity awareness summit and monthly campaigns. We leverage the National Institute of Standards and Technology security frameworks as well as established internal security standards, industry practices and applicable regulatory requirements. Our program is designed to comply with a range of applicable industry standards, such as the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard. A cross-functional team conducts periodic simulated exercises, and we perform regular vulnerability scanning and conduct vulnerability testing during the software development life cycle. In the event of a security incident, a defined procedure outlines containment, response and recovery actions that draw on resources and leadership across the Company, as needed. 36 Corporate Governance We collaborate with internal stakeholders and third-party assessors and consultants to conduct regular reviews, tests and audits of our security program. This coordinated approach reviews security controls that safeguard our information assets, including payment information, through processes such as security control assessments and third-party penetration testing. Additionally, we utilize tabletop exercises, penetration and vulnerability testing, red team exercises, simulations, and other evaluations to improve our security measures and strategies. We also maintain cybersecurity insurance coverage that provides protection against potential losses arising from certain cybersecurity incidents. Our Chief Digital and Information Officer ( CDIO ), our Chief Information Security Officer ( CISO ) and senior members of our information security group are responsible for identifying, assessing and managing risks from cybersecurity threats. Oversight responsibility over cybersecurity risk is shared by the Board and the Technology Committee, with the Technology Committee being primarily responsible for overseeing risks related to cybersecurity, data protection, privacy and significant emerging technology (e.g., artificial intelligence). The Technology Committee regularly reviews metrics about cyber threat response preparedness, program maturity milestones, risk mitigation status and the current and emerging threat landscape, in addition to the results of third-party reviews and assessments of our security controls. Our CDIO or CISO provide regular cybersecurity updates in the form of written reports and presentations to the Technology Committee at its regular meetings, which are also provided to the full Board. We also have protocols by which certain cybersecurity incidents are escalated and, where appropriate, reported to the Technology Committee in a timely manner. As necessary or appropriate, the Audit Committee and Technology Committee will consult with each other on cybersecurity and technology as it relates to internal controls. For more information on our cybersecurity risk management, strategy and governance, see Item 1C. Cybersecurity of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 30, 2026. Artificial Intelligence (AI) Risk Oversight As part of our focus on the use of AI technology in our business, we developed an AI cybersecurity strategy designed to enable the building of secure and reliable AI systems while also managing ethical, legal, cyber, data privacy and other technology risks, including those associated with the deployment of AI-enabled tools across our operations. The Company also established an AI Governance Committee, which is composed of leaders across a variety of business, technology, and support functions, to oversee and approve ongoing enhancements to our AI governance framework. The Technology Committee is responsible for overseeing risks related to significant emerging technologies like AI and also retains strategic, operational and investment oversight. The full Board also receives periodic updates from management related to the Company s AI strategies. 2026 Proxy Statement 37 Corporate Governance How to Communicate with the Board of Directors and Independent Directors Shareholders and other interested parties can communicate directly with the Board by sending a written communication addressed to the Board or to any member individually in care of Lowe s Companies, Inc., 1000 Lowes Boulevard, Mooresville, North Carolina 28117. Shareholders and other interested parties wishing to communicate with Mr. Dreiling, as Lead Independent Director, or with the independent directors as a group may do so by sending a written communication addressed to Mr. Dreiling, in care of Lowe s Companies, Inc. at the above address. Any communication addressed to a director that is received at Lowe s principal executive offices will be delivered or forwarded to the individual director as soon as practicable. Lowe s will forward all communications received from its shareholders or other interested parties that are addressed simply to the Board, to the Chairman, to the Lead Independent Director or to the Chair of the committee of the Board whose purpose and function is most closely related to the subject matter of the communication. All such communications are promptly reviewed before being forwarded to the addressee. Lowe s generally will not forward to directors a shareholder communication that it determines to be primarily commercial in nature or that relates to an improper or irrelevant topic or requests general information about the Company. Board Committees The Board has five current standing committees: the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee, the Nominating and Governance Committee, the Sustainability Committee and the Technology Committee. The Board may also establish other committees from time to time as it deems necessary. The Board does not have a fixed schedule for rotation of committee membership. Committee members and committee chairs are appointed by the Board. The members of these committees as of January 30, 2026 are identified in the following table: Committees Name and Primary Occupation Audit Committee Compensation Committee Nominating and Governance Committee Sustainability Committee Technology Committee Raul Alvarez Scott H. Baxter Sandra B. Cochran Laurie Z. Douglas Richard W. Dreiling Marvin R. Ellison Navdeep Gupta Brian C. Rogers Bertram L. Scott Lawrence Simkins Colleen Taylor Mary Beth West Number of Meetings in Fiscal 2025 9 7 5 3 2 Chair Member Each of the current committees acts pursuant to a written charter adopted by the Board. A copy of each committee charter and the Corporate Governance Guidelines are available on the Company s website at ir.lowes.com . 38 Corporate Governance The following table provides information about the key functions of each of the current standing Board committees, each of which report regularly to the full Boar