=== LOW_2026-03-23.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A - Risk Factors We describe below certain risks that could adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, business reputation, or business prospects. These risk factors may change from time to time and may be amended, supplemented, or superseded by updates to the risk factors contained in our future periodic reports on Form 10-K, Form 10-Q, and reports on other forms we file with the SEC. All forward-looking statements about our future results of operations or other matters made by us in this Annual Report, in our Annual Report to Lowe’s Shareholders, and in our subsequently filed reports to the SEC, as well as in our press releases and other public communications, are qualified by the risks described below. You should read these risk factors in conjunction with “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in Item 7 and our consolidated financial statements and related notes in Item 8 . There also may be other factors that we cannot anticipate or that are not described in this Annual Report generally because we do not currently perceive them to be material. Those factors could cause results to differ materially from our expectations. In connection with any investment decision with respect to our securities, you should carefully consider the following risk factors, as well as the other information contained in this report and our other filings with the SEC. Strategic, Competitive, Operational, and Reputational Risks We may be unable to adapt our business concept in a rapidly evolving retail environment to address the changing shopping habits, demands, and demographics of our customers. The home improvement retail environment, like the retail environment generally, is rapidly evolving, and adapting our business concept to respond to our customers’ changing shopping habits and demands and their changing demographics is critical to our future success. Our success is dependent on our ability to identify and respond to the economic, social, style, and other trends that affect demographic and consumer preferences in a variety of our merchandise categories and service offerings, as well as consumer spending. Customers’ needs and expectations about how they wish to research, purchase, and receive products and services have also evolved. It is difficult to predict the mix of products and services that our customers will demand. As our customers expect a more personalized experience, our ability to offer more localized assortments of our merchandise to appeal to local tastes within each customer group is important to our ability to effectively meet customer needs and expectations. Our Pro customers also expect more capabilities such as appropriate product assortment, strong sales support, and competitive credit options. Customers also have evolving preferences and expectations related to the sustainability of our products and operations. If we do not successfully differentiate the shopping experience to meet the individual needs and expectations of or within a customer group, we may lose market share with respect to those customers. Failure to identify such trends, adapt our business concept, implement an increasingly localized merchandising assortment, and implement related strategic initiatives successfully, could negatively affect our relationship with our customers, the demand for the home improvement products and services we sell, the rate of growth of our business, our market share, and results of operations. We may not be able to realize the intended benefits of our strategic initiatives focused on providing an omnichannel shopping experience to our customers if we fail to deliver the capabilities required to execute on them. Our interactions with customers have evolved into an omnichannel experience as they use computers, tablets, mobile phones, other electronic devices to shop in our stores and online and provide feedback and public commentary on social media platforms about all aspects of our business. Omnichannel and digital retail is quickly evolving, and we must anticipate and meet our customers’ expectations and counteract new developments and technology investments by our competitors. Our customer-facing technology systems must appeal to our customers, function as designed, and provide a consistent customer experience. We also need to collect, use, and share relevant customer data to effectively meet customer expectations of a more personalized experience. Our ability to collect, use, and share such data is subject to a number of external factors, including the impact of legislation or regulations governing data privacy and security, as well as the change of third-party policies restricting data collection, use, and sharing. The success of our strategic initiatives to adapt our business concept to our customers’ changing shopping habits and demands and changing demographics have required us to, and will continue to require us to, deliver large, complex programs requiring integrated planning, initiative prioritization, and program sequencing. These initiatives have required, and will continue to require, new competencies in many positions, and our management, associates, and contractors have had to, and will need to continue to, adapt and learn new skills and capabilities. To the extent they are unable or unwilling to make these changes, we may be unable to realize the full benefits of our strategic initiatives and expand our relevant market access. Failure to realize the benefits of amounts we invest in new technologies, products, or services could result in the value of those investments being written down or written off. In addition, to support our strategic initiatives and the related technology investments needed to 8 Table of Contents implement our strategic investments, we must attract and retain a large number of skilled professionals, including technology professionals. The market for these professionals is increasingly competitive. Our results of operations, financial condition, or business prospects could also be adversely affected if we fail to provide a consistent experience for our customers, regardless of sales channel, if our technology systems do not meet our customers’ expectations, if we are unable to counteract new developments and innovations implemented by our competitors, or if we are unable to attract, retain, and manage the talent succession of additional personnel at various levels of the Company who have the skills and capabilities we need to implement our strategic initiatives and drive the changes that are essential to successfully adapting our business concept in the rapidly changing retail environment. We have many competitors who could take sales and market share from us if we fail to execute our strategic initiatives effectively, or if they develop a substantially more effective or lower cost means of meeting customer needs, resulting in a negative impact on our business and results of operations. We operate in a highly competitive market for home improvement products and services and have numerous large and small, direct and indirect competitors. The principal competitive factors in our industry include location of stores, product assortment, product pricing, in-stock levels, customer service, and the evolution of technology and customer expectations. We face growing competition from online and omnichannel retailers who have a similar product or service offering. Customers are increasingly able to quickly comparison shop and determine real-time product availability and price using digital tools. We will be at a competitive disadvantage if, over time, our competitors are more effective than us in their utilization and integration of rapidly evolving technologies, including AI and machine learning technologies. Further, online and omnichannel retailers continue to focus on delivery services, as customers are increasingly seeking faster, guaranteed delivery times, including same-day and next-day fulfillment, low-price or free shipping, and convenient pick-up options, and we must make investments to keep up with our customers’ evolving shopping preferences. Our ability to be competitive on delivery times, delivery costs, and delivery options depends on many factors, including successful implementation and the continued maintenance of our initiatives related to supply chain transformation, including our market-based delivery model, and our relationships with third parties providing delivery services. Our failure to respond effectively to competitive pressures and changes in the markets for home improvement products and services could affect our financial performance. Moreover, changes in the promotional pricing and other practices of our competitors, including the effects of competitor liquidation activities, may impact our results. If we fail to hire, train, manage, and retain qualified associates or corporate support staff with the capabilities of delivering on strategic objectives, our labor costs and results of operations could be negatively impacted. Our customers expect our associates to be well trained and knowledgeable about the products we sell and the home improvement services we provide. We compete with other retailers for many of our associates, and we are experiencing a competitive labor market with low unemployment. Increasingly, our sales associates must have expanded skill sets. It is important that we attract and retain a qualified workforce that can deliver relevant, competent, and differentiated experiences for a wide variety of culturally diverse customers. Additionally, in order to deliver on the omnichannel expectations of our customers and related strategic objectives, we rely on the specialized training and capabilities of corporate support staff, which are broadly sought after by our competitors. Further, our ability to successfully execute organizational changes, including management transitions within the Company's senior leadership, are critical to our business success. The loss of key executive or senior officers or our failure to adequately plan for succession of senior management personnel could impact our ability to achieve our strategic objectives. If we are unable to hire, train, manage, and retain qualified associates, the quality of service we provide to our customers may decrease and our results of operations could be negatively affected. Our ability to meet our labor needs, particularly in a competitive labor market, while controlling our costs is subject to a variety of external factors, including wage rates, the availability of and competition for talent, health care and other benefit costs, our brand image and reputation, changing demographics and the adoption of new or revised legislation or regulations governing immigration, employment, labor relations, minimum wage, health care benefits, and family and medical leave. We are subject to upward pressure on associate wages and employer-provided benefits, which in turn increases labor costs. Additionally, many associates are in entry-level or part-time roles with historically higher turnover rates, which leads to increased training and retention costs. A limited number of our employees at FBM are represented by labor unions, and we are also subject to labor organizing efforts from time to time. If successful, those organizing efforts may affect how we operate our business. Our response to any organizing efforts could be perceived negatively and harm our business and reputation. In addition to our United States operations, we have support offices in India and China, and any extended disruption of our operations in our different locations, whether due to labor difficulties or otherwise, could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 9 Table of Contents Positively and effectively managing our public image and reputation is critical to our business success, and, if our public image and reputation are damaged, it could negatively impact our relationships with our customers, vendors, associates, and shareholders, and consequently, our business and results of operations. Our public image and reputation are critical to ensuring that our customers shop at Lowe’s, our vendors want to do business with Lowe’s, and our associates want to work for Lowe’s. We must continue to manage, preserve, and grow Lowe’s public image and reputation. Lowe’s actual or perceived position or lack of position on social, environmental, political, public policy, or other sensitive issues, and any perceived lack of transparency about those matters, could harm our reputation. In addition, failure to meet our stated environmental and social objectives, and consumer, shareholder, and other stakeholder concerns about our environmental and social practices are potential sources of reputational risk. Vendors and others with whom we do business may affect our reputation. Any negative incident can erode trust and confidence quickly, and adverse publicity about us could damage our reputation and brand image, undermine our customers’ confidence, reduce demand for our products and services, affect our relationships with current and future vendors, impact our results of operations, affect our ability to recruit, retain, and engage our associates, and attract regulatory scrutiny. Collaborations with social media content creators, professional athletes, celebrities, and public personalities may also expose us to brand and reputational risks. The significant expansion in the use of social media over recent years has compounded the potential scope of the negative publicity that could be generated by such negative incidents. We have been, and in the future may be, subject to criticism in the media and negative social media campaigns related to certain initiatives, including those related to diversity and inclusion, and changes in those initiatives. Widespread dissemination of such criticism at times may adversely impact our relationships with our associates, customers, shareholders, and other stakeholders. In addition, the use of social media platforms and other technologies has increased the speed and accessibility of information dissemination and given users the ability to more effectively organize collective actions such as boycotts and other actions that could have an adverse effect. Additionally, our proprietary rights in our trademarks, trade names, service marks, domain names, copyrights, patents, trade secrets, and other intellectual property rights are valuable assets of our business. We may not be able to prevent or even discover every instance of unauthorized third-party uses of our intellectual property or dilution of our brand names, such as when a third party uses trademarks that are identical or similar to our own. If we are unable to successfully protect our intellectual property rights, our business could be adversely affected. Failure to achieve and maintain a high level of product and service quality could damage our image with customers, expose us to litigation and negatively impact our sales, profitability, cash flows, and financial condition. Product and service quality issues could result in a negative impact on customer confidence in Lowe’s and our brand image. If our product and service offerings do not meet applicable safety standards or our customers’ expectations regarding safety or quality, we could experience lost sales and increased costs and be exposed to legal, financial, and reputational risks. As a result, Lowe’s reputation as a retailer of high-quality products and services, including both national and Lowe’s private brands, could suffer and impact customer loyalty and trust. Additionally, we and our customers have expectations on responsible sourcing and compliance with applicable laws and regulations. Under our Vendor Code of Conduct, our vendors are required to meet our expectations across multiple areas of compliance, including health and safety, environmental standards, compensation, hours of work, and prohibitions on child and forced labor. Where appropriate, we request that our vendors provide additional documentation proving their compliance in these areas. If we need to seek alternative sources of supply from vendors with whom we have less familiarity, the risk of our standards not being met may increase. Actual, potential, or perceived product safety concerns or vendor non-compliance exposes us to litigation, as well as government enforcement action, and could, and in certain instances in the past has, resulted in costly product recalls, the inability to sell certain products due to customs actions, including regulatory enforcement inquiries, holds, detentions, and exclusions, and other liabilities. Our sales and profitability depend on our ability to maintain our store base and maintain appropriate levels of inventory and failure to do so may affect our business, financial condition and result of operations. We have a store base that requires maintenance, investment, and space reallocation initiatives to deliver the shopping experience that our customers desire. Our capital investments in our stores may not deliver the convenience or relevant shopping experience our customers expect. It is important that we maintain appropriate levels of inventory in our stores and supply chain facilities and respond to changing customer demands. We must also maintain a safe store environment for our customers and associates, as well as to protect against loss or theft of our inventory (known as “shrink”). Higher rates of shrink, which we have experienced from time to time, including as a result of organized retail crime, can require operational changes that may increase costs and adversely impact customer and associate experience. Supply Chain and Third-Party Risks Disruptions in our supply chain and our fulfillment network for our products due to various factors including, but not limited to, global health crises, geopolitical conflicts, trade policy changes, and additional tariffs, have affected and may continue to affect our business and results of operations. 10 Table of Contents We source, stock, and sell products from domestic and international vendors, and their ability to reliably and efficiently fulfill our orders is critical to our business success. Catastrophic events, extreme weather conditions, public health crises, and global economic and political conditions may adversely affect our global supply chain. For example, impacts related to the COVID-19 pandemic placed strains on the domestic and international supply chain, which negatively affected the flow and availability of our products in the past, due to difficulties in timely obtaining products from the manufacturers and suppliers of our products. We source, both directly and indirectly, a portion of the products we sell from foreign manufacturers, with China and Mexico being the dominant import sources. Tax and trade policies, tariffs, and other regulations affecting trade between the United States and other countries, such as China and Mexico, increase the cost of our merchandise sourced from outside of the United States, which represents a large percentage of our private branded and national brand merchandise. It remains unclear how tax or trade policies, tariffs, customs actions, or trade relations may evolve in the future, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, effective income tax rate, liquidity, and net income. In addition, other countries have responded by changing their business and trade policies in anticipation of or in response to increased import tariffs and other changes in U.S. trade policy and regulations already enacted or that may be enacted in the future. Complications in the free movement of goods in North America, an escalation of tariff activity elsewhere in the world or changes to existing free trade agreements, like the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement (USMCA), could adversely impact our financial results. Increased import tariffs and other changes in trade policy could also impact consumer demand for the products we sell. In addition to the potential direct impacts of increased tariff activity, longer term macroeconomic consequences could result, including slower growth, inflation, and higher interest rates. The degree of our exposure is dependent on, among other things, the type of goods, rates imposed, and timing of tariffs. The impact to our business, including net sales and gross margin, will be influenced in part by merchandising and pricing strategies in response to potential cost impacts by us and our competitors. While these potential impacts are uncertain, they could have an adverse impact on our financial results. Financial instability among key vendors, political instability, geopolitical or armed conflicts, and labor unrest in source countries or elsewhere in our supply chain, changes in the total costs in our supply chain (including fuel), labor costs or labor shortages among our vendors, port labor disputes and security, the outbreak of pandemics, weather-related events, natural disasters, work stoppages or slowdowns, government shutdowns, shipping capacity restraints, shipping delays and disruptions, changes in trade policy, retaliatory trade restrictions imposed by either the United States or a major source country, tariffs or duties, customs actions, including regulatory enforcement inquiries, holds, detentions, and exclusions, fluctuations in transport availability, capacity, and costs are beyond our control and could negatively impact our business if they seriously disrupted the movement of products through our supply chain or increased their costs. In recent years, U.S. ports have been impacted by capacity constraints, port congestion and delays, periodic labor disputes, security issues, weather-related events, and natural disasters. Additionally, as we add fulfillment capabilities or pursue strategies with different fulfillment requirements, our fulfillment network becomes increasingly complex and operating it becomes more challenging. If our fulfillment network does not operate properly or if a vendor fails to deliver on its commitments, we experience delays in inventory, increased delivery costs, or merchandise out-of-stocks that could lead to lost sales, decreased customer confidence, and adversely affect our results of operations and business performance. The execution of initiatives to transform our supply chain network could disrupt our operations in the near term, and these investments might not provide the anticipated benefits. We continue to transform and expand our supply chain network and existing omnichannel capabilities to meet changing customer needs and expectations. These investments are designed to promote greater network capacity and better flow management and optimization while leveraging a market delivery model. Failure to choose the right investments and implement them in the right manner and at the right pace could disrupt our operations. If we are unable to effectively manage the volume, timing, nature, location, and cost of these investments, projects, and changes, our business operations and financial results could be materially and adversely affected. The cost and potential problems, defects of design, and interruptions associated with the implementation of these initiatives, including those associated with implementing new technologies, restructuring support systems and processes, securing appropriate facility locations, addressing impacts on inventory levels, and managing third-party service providers, could disrupt or reduce the efficiency of our operations and impact our profitability. Our investments to enhance and expand our supply chain might not provide the anticipated benefits, or might take longer than expected to complete or realize anticipated benefits, or might fail altogether, each of which could adversely impact our competitive position and our financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. 11 Table of Contents Our inability to effectively and efficiently manage and maintain our relationships with selected suppliers of both national brand and private branded products could negatively impact our business operations and financial results. We form strategic relationships, some of which are exclusive, with selected suppliers to market and develop products under a variety of recognized and respected national brand names. We also have relationships with certain suppliers to enable us to sell private branded products which differentiate us from other retailers. The inability to effectively and efficiently manage and maintain our relationships with these suppliers could negatively impact our business operations and financial results. The business practices of these suppliers could be associated with us and heighten risks to our brand. Failure of a key vendor or service provider that we cannot quickly replace could disrupt our operations and negatively impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We rely upon a number of vendors as the sole or primary source of some of the products we sell. We also rely upon many independent service providers for technology solutions and other services that are important to many aspects of our business. Many of these vendors and service providers have certain products or specialized skills needed to support our business concept and our strategies. If these vendors or service providers discontinue operations or are unable to perform as expected, or if we fail to manage them properly or we are unable to replace them quickly, our business could be adversely affected, at least temporarily, until we are able to replace them. Failures relating to our third-party installer program or by our third-party installers have resulted in and could result in increased operational and legal risks and negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. We contract with third-party installers to provide installation services to our customers, and, as the general contractor, we are subject to regulatory requirements and risks applicable to general contractors, including certain licensing and permitting requirements, and those relating to the quality and performance of our third-party installers. We have been involved in investigations by one or more government agencies relating to our compliance with applicable laws and regulations, including an investigation with respect to whether we are in compliance with applicable recordkeeping requirements and lead-safe practices. Any adverse result following such investigations could negatively affect our operations. The qualification processes and background checks we utilize when engaging third-party installers may not reveal all potentially relevant information, including accurate worker authorization information and criminal history. In addition, failures by us or our third-party installers to effectively manage such requirements and internal processes regarding installation services have, from time to time, resulted in, and in the future could result in lost sales, fines, and lawsuits, as well as damage to our reputation, and may result in the loss of our general contractor licenses, which could negatively affect our business. Technology and Cybersecurity Risks Our financial performance could be adversely affected if our information systems or the information systems of third-party vendors are seriously disrupted or we fail to properly maintain, improve, upgrade, and expand those systems and infrastructure. Our efforts to provide an omnichannel experience for our customers include investing in, maintaining, and making ongoing improvements of our existing information systems that support operations, such as sales, inventory replenishment, merchandise ordering, project design and execution, transportation, receipt processing and fulfillment. We also engage third-party vendors for a variety of reasons, including for digital storage technology and content delivery. Such vendors may have access to information about our customers, associates, or vendors. Our systems and the systems of third-party vendors are subject to damage or interruption as a result of catastrophic events, power outages, viruses, malicious attacks, and telecommunications failures, or other vulnerabilities and irregularities, and as a result we may incur significant expense, data loss, as well as an erosion of customer confidence. Additionally, we continually make investments in our systems which may introduce disruption. In particular, the Company is undergoing a multi-year technology transformation which includes updating and modernizing our distribution and replenishment systems, as well as certain accounting and finance systems. We may not be able to achieve the anticipated benefits of these investments and may experience operational challenges such as delays or errors in implementation, security failures such as loss or corruption of data, reputational harm, increased costs and other significant disruptions. Our financial performance could be adversely affected if our information systems are seriously disrupted or we fail to properly maintain, improve, upgrade, and expand those systems. The failure of customer-facing technology systems to perform effectively and reliably could keep us from delivering positive customer experiences. Access to the Internet from computers, tablets, smartphones and other mobile devices has changed the way customers shop and interact with us. Our websites, primarily Lowes.com, and our mobile applications are important sales channels and sources of 12 Table of Contents information that influence both online and in-store sales. We leverage other affiliated websites and mobile apps through which we seek to inspire, inform, cross-sell, establish on

=== LOW_2026-05-28.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors” in our Annual Report filed with the SEC on March 23, 2026. Item 2. - Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities The following table sets forth information with respect to purchases of the Company’s common stock on a trade date basis made during the three months ended May 1, 2026: Total Number of Shares Purchased 1 Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs 2 Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs 2, 3 January 31, 2026 - February 27, 2026 339 $ 282.80 — $ 10,786,142,988 February 28, 2026 - April 3, 2026 1,489,283 243.36 1,224,766 10,486,130,126 April 4, 2026 - May 1, 2026 793 231.35 — 10,486,130,126 As of May 1, 2026 1,490,415 $ 243.36 1,224,766 $ 10,486,130,126 1 The total number of shares repurchased includes shares withheld from employees to satisfy either the exercise price of stock options or the statutory withholding tax liability upon the vesting of share-based awards. 2 On December 7, 2022, the Company announced that its Board of Directors authorized an additional $15.0 billion of share repurchases with no expiration. 3 Excludes excise tax on share repurchases in excess of issuances, which is recognized as part of the cost basis of the shares acquired in the consolidated statements of shareholders’ deficit. Item 5. - Other Information During the three months ended May 1, 2026, none of the Company’s directors or executive officers adopted or terminated any contract, instruction, or written plan for the purchase or sale of Company securities that was intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) or any “non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement” (as those terms are defined in Regulation S-K, Item 408). 24 Table of Contents Item 6. - Exhibits Exhibit Number Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 3.1 Restated Charter of Lowe’s Companies, Inc. 10-Q 001-07898 3.1 September 1, 2009 3.2 Bylaws of Lowe’s Companies, Inc., as amended and restated November 11, 2022. 8-K 001-07898 3.1 November 16, 2022 10.1 Form of Lowe ’ s Companies, Inc. Performance Share Unit Award Agreement.* 10.2 Form of Lowe ’ s Companies, Inc. Restricted Stock Award Agreement . * 15.1 Deloitte & Touche LLP Letter re Unaudited Interim Financial Information.‡ 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.‡ 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.‡ 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.† 32.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.† 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document – the XBRL Instance Document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document.‡ 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document.‡ 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document.‡ 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document.‡ 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document.‡ 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document.‡ 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL document and included in Exhibit 101).‡ * Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. ‡ Filed herewith. † Furnished herewith. 25 Table of Contents SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. LOWE’S COMPANIES, INC. (Registrant) May 28, 2026 By: /s/ Dan C. Griggs, Jr. Date Dan C. Griggs, Jr. Senior Vice President, Tax and Chief Accounting Officer 26 