=== LOW_2026-03-23.htm.gz ===
Item 1A , Risk Factors included elsewhere in this Annual Report. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and we do not undertake any obligation to update these statements other than as required by law. ii Table of Contents Part I Item 1 - Business General Information Lowe s Companies, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company or Lowe s) is a Fortune 100 company and the world s second largest home improvement retailer. As of January 30, 2026, Lowe s operated 1,759 home improvement stores and outlets in the United States, representing approximately 196 million square feet of retail selling space. In addition, Lowe s operated over 540 branch locations in the United States and Canada, which include our current year acquisitions of Foundation Building Materials (FBM) and Artisan Design Group (ADG). Lowe s was founded in 1921 with the opening of its first hardware store in North Wilkesboro, North Carolina. The Company was incorporated in North Carolina in 1952 and has been publicly held since 1961. The Company s common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange - ticker symbol LOW . For additional information about the Company s performance and financial condition, see Item 7 , Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations , of this Annual Report. Our Strategy Lowe s is an omnichannel retailer whose focus is on helping customers solve problems and fulfill dreams for their homes by providing an excellent customer experience, creating a great place to work for our associates, and improving our communities, which we believe will create long-term, sustainable value for our shareholders. In fiscal 2025, we continued to execute on our Total Home strategy that was introduced in fiscal 2020, by focusing on serving the professional customer (Pro customer), accelerating our online business, expanding installation services, improving localization efforts and elevating our product assortment. In December 2024, we updated our Total Home strategy, aligned with the key drivers of home improvement demand, to help our customers solve their home improvement needs with more value and exceptional service. The five pillars of our Total Home strategy are as follows: Drive Pro penetration Accelerate online sales Expand home services Create a loyalty ecosystem Increase space productivity We continue to transform our Pro offerings to drive Pro penetration by continuing to enhance our Pro product assortment, including expanding our offerings to the larger Pro customer through our acquisitions of FBM and ADG, investing in inventory of high-volume Pro products, leveraging our redesigned loyalty program, improving job site delivery capabilities, expanding our Pro extended aisle, and building a comprehensive interior solutions platform. We are investing in our omnichannel retail capabilities to accelerate our online business through expansion of our product offerings, enhanced fulfillment capabilities, and a simplified user experience. We are expanding our installation services to create a high value simplified installation solution, which are provided by our network of independent installers or outsourced to our third-party model that sells, furnishes, and installs both smaller refresh projects and more complex projects. We are creating a loyalty ecosystem that drives brand preference and includes building out our MyLowe s Rewards infrastructure for both Pro and do-it-yourself (DIY) customers. Finally, we are increasing space productivity by optimizing our assortments and tailoring them to the local markets, and balancing our value-oriented private brands with our national brands. 1 Table of Contents Our Customers and Market The home improvement market in which we operate is highly fragmented. Our retail stores and online focus on serving individual homeowners and renters completing a wide array of projects, that vary along the spectrum of DIY and do-it-for-me (DIFM). In addition, we focus on Pro customers that are primarily the small to medium sized Pro, which includes three broad categories: tradespeople, repair and remodelers, and property managers. With the acquisitions of FBM and ADG in 2025, we are taking an important step in our Total Home strategy to serve larger Pro customers in the residential and commercial markets. There are many variables that affect consumer demand for the home improvement products and services we offer. Key indicators we monitor include home price appreciation, age of the housing stock, real disposable personal income, housing turnover, and residential and commercial construction. We also monitor demographic and societal trends that shape home improvement industry growth over time as the U.S. population moves through major life stages and events. Our Competition The home improvement industry includes a broad competitive landscape that continues to evolve. We compete with national and regional home improvement warehouse chains and lumber yards in most of the markets we serve. We also compete with traditional hardware, plumbing, electrical, drywall and home supply retailers and distributors, as well as paint stores, lumber yards, garden centers, and maintenance and repair organizations. In addition, we compete with general merchandise retailers, home goods specialty stores, warehouse clubs, online retailers, other specialty retailers, providers of equipment and tool rental, service providers that install home improvement products, and wholesalers that provide home-related products and services to homeowners, renters, businesses, and the government. Location of stores and branches, product assortment, product pricing, fulfillment capabilities, and customer service continue to be key competitive factors in our industry, while the evolution of technology, including artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning technologies and customer expectations also underscore the importance of omnichannel capabilities as a competitive factor. See further discussion of competition in Item 1A , Risk Factors , of this Annual Report. Our Omnichannel Capabilities We are committed to meeting customer demand to shop however, whenever, and wherever they choose. Our omnichannel retail network provides a single view of the customer, no matter where they place their order, whether in-store, online, on-site, or through the contact center. This allows our customers to move from channel to channel with simple and seamless transitions even within the same transaction. For example, for many projects, the majority of our customers conduct research online before making an in-store purchase. For purchases made on Lowes.com, customers may pick up their purchase in-store at the customer service desk, curbside, or from touchless lockers, or have their purchase delivered to their home or business. In addition, flexible fulfillment options are available for in-store purchases and those made through the contact center. Regardless of the channels through which customers choose to engage with us, we strive to provide them with a seamless experience across channels and an extended aisle of products, enabled by our flexible fulfillment capabilities. Our ability to sell products in-store, online, on-site, through one of our branch locations, or through our contact centers speaks to our leverage of our existing infrastructure with the omnichannel capabilities we continue to introduce. In-Store Our 1,759 Lowe s-branded retail home improvement stores and outlet stores are generally open seven days per week and average approximately 112,000 square feet of retail selling space, plus approximately 32,000 square feet of outdoor garden center selling space. Our retail home improvement stores offer similar products and services, with certain variations based on localization, along with a dedicated team of knowledgeable and friendly frontline associates available to assist our customers. We continue to develop and implement productivity tools, including freight flow optimization and advanced AI customer service tools, to enhance the efficiency of our sales associates and improve the customer experience. Our 16 Lowe s Outlet stores have a smaller format and offer value to our customers through incremental savings on discontinued, overstocked, or scratch and dent items. Online Through our websites and mobile applications, we seek to empower consumers by providing a 24/7 shopping experience, expanded product assortment, product information, customer ratings and reviews, buying guides, how-to videos, and other information. These tools help consumers make more informed purchasing decisions and give them increased confidence to undertake home improvement projects. We enable customers to choose from a variety of fulfillment options, including buying online and picking up in-store, curbside pick-up, same-day delivery through our gig network, and shipment to their homes or 2 Table of Contents businesses. Further, we also offer digital inspiration, design, and project management tools across multiple home improvement categories. On-Site We have on-site specialists available for our customers to assist them in selecting products and services for their projects. Our Pro sales managers meet with Pro customers at their place of business or on a job site and leverage nearby stores and our distribution network to ensure we meet customer needs for products and resources. In addition, our In-Home Sales program is available in the majority of our stores to discuss various exterior projects such as windows, doors, and fencing, whose characteristics lend themselves to an in-home consultative sales approach. Branches Lowe s has over 540 branch locations that serve larger Pro customers. Our nationwide branch locations specialize in the delivery and installation of building materials for residential and commercial projects, while providing reliable local service and trusted expertise. Services delivered by these locations include distribution of product to large residential and commercial professionals in both new construction and repair and remodel applications, as well as providing design, distribution and installation services to home builders and property managers. Contact Centers Lowe s operates contact centers utilizing a combination of internal staffing and third-party providers. These contact centers enable an omnichannel customer experience by tendering sales, assisting with order management, coordinating deliveries, managing after-sale installations, and answering general customer questions via phone, mail, e-mail, live chat, and social media. Our Products Product Selection To meet customers varying needs, we offer a complete line of products for construction, maintenance, repair, remodeling, and decorating. We offer home improvement products in the following categories: Appliances, Seasonal Outdoor Living, Lumber, Lawn Garden, Hardware, Kitchens Bath, Building Materials, Rough Plumbing, Paint, Millwork, Tools, Electrical, Flooring, and D cor. A typical Lowe s-branded home improvement store stocks approximately 37,000 items, with additional items available through our online selling channel. Our product assortments offered in-store strive to meet the needs of the local market for the Pro and DIY customer. See Note 17 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 , Financial Statements and Supplementary Data , of this Annual Report for historical revenues by product category for each of the last three fiscal years. We are committed to offering a wide selection of national brand-name merchandise complemented by our selection of high-value private brands. We are balancing our value-oriented private brands with our national power brands, intensifying our localization efforts and expanding our rural assortment. In addition, we are dedicated to selling products sourced in a socially responsible, efficient, and cost-effective manner. Supply Chain We source our products from vendors worldwide and believe that alternative and competitive suppliers are available for virtually all of our products. Whenever possible, we purchase directly from manufacturers to provide savings for customers and improve our gross margin. To efficiently replenish our stores and meet our customers expectations for fast fulfillment and delivery, we own and operate more than 120 supply chain facilities in our network. These facilities include regional distribution centers, flatbed distribution centers, import distribution centers, bulk distribution centers, cross-dock terminals, and Fulfillment Centers. Each one of these distribution nodes plays a critical role in our Total Home strategy and collectively enable our products to get to their destination as efficiently as possible. We continue to modernize our network to unlock our omnichannel capabilities while keeping our organization s sustainability goals top of mind. Through our market-based delivery model, we have been focused on improving the speed of our delivery capabilities for our customers. Most parcel-eligible items fulfilled by Lowe s can be ordered by a customer and delivered within two business days. Also, the nationwide expansion of our gig provider network enables same-day delivery of certain products from our stores, and as of fiscal 2025, we have the ability to deliver major appliances next-day to the majority of zip codes in the United States. Customer needs and buying patterns are constantly changing, and our supply chain will continue to evolve to meet their needs. We are building an omnichannel supply chain that positions the right products in the right quantities in the right places, and operates with greater network capacity with better flow management and optimization. 3 Table of Contents Our Services Installed Sales We offer installation services through independent contractors in many of our product categories, with Kitchens Bath, Flooring, Appliances, Millwork, and Rough Plumbing accounting for the majority of installed sales. Our installed sales model, which separates selling and project administration tasks, allows our sales associates to focus on project selling, while project managers ensure that the details related to installing the products are efficiently executed. For certain installations, we simplified the process through our central selling team. This team handles building quotes, answering questions over video or phone call, and providing personalized support to our customers. We are also implementing technology that allows our customers to finalize their installation contract and checkout on lowes.com or mobile application, so they do not need to return to the store. In addition, Lowe s offers installation services for new home construction and remodeling projects. Lowe s Protection Plans We offer extended protection plans for certain products within the Appliances, Kitchens Bath, D cor, Millwork, Rough Plumbing, Electrical, Seasonal Outdoor Living, Tools, and Hardware categories. These protection plans provide customers with product protection that enhances the coverage offered by the manufacturer s warranty and provide additional benefits and repair services that extend beyond the manufacturer s warranty. Seasonality and Working Capital The home improvement business in general is subject to seasonal influences, particularly related to the spring selling season. Historically, we have realized the highest volume of sales during our second fiscal quarter (May, June, and July) and the lowest volume of sales during our fourth fiscal quarter (November, December, and January). Accordingly, our working capital requirements have historically been greater during our fourth fiscal quarter as we build inventory in anticipation of the spring selling season and as we experience lower fourth fiscal quarter sales volumes. We fund our working capital requirements primarily through cash flows generated from operations, but also with short-term borrowings, as needed. For more detailed information, see the Financial Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources section in Item 7 , Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations , of this Annual Report. Intellectual Property The name Lowe s is a registered service mark of one of our wholly-owned subsidiaries. We consider this mark and logo and the accompanying goodwill and name recognition to be valuable to our business. This subsidiary owns and maintains various additional registered and unregistered trademarks, service marks and trade names, including private brand product names, such as, Kobalt , STAINMASTER , and allen+roth. This subsidiary also maintains various Internet domain names that are important to our business, and we also own registered and unregistered copyrights. In addition, we maintain patent portfolios related to some of our products and services and seek to patent or otherwise protect certain innovations that we incorporate into our products, services, or business operations. Government Regulation We are subject to a wide array of federal, state, and local laws and regulations. We do not currently expect compliance with these laws and regulations to have a material effect on our capital expenditures, results of operations, and competitive position as compared to prior periods. Human Capital When it comes to attracting and retaining top talent, Lowe s strives to be the employer of choice in retail. We are committed to creating valuable career opportunities for our associates, supporting them and the communities where they live, and cultivating a culture that invites and encourages diverse opinions and ideas. We would like our associates to see Lowe s as a Home to Possibility with good jobs, a sense of belonging, and a promising future. Reflecting our commitments, in fiscal 2025 we received several notable employer of choice awards, including being named on the 2025 Disability:IN National Best Places to Work for Disability Inclusion, 2025 Fortune s World s Most Admired Companies Specialty Retailer, 2025 Great Place to Work Certified - U.S. and India, 2025 Fair360 Top Companies for Verified Meritocracy and Top Company for High Potentials, a 2025 Military Friendly Employer - Rank Gold, a 2025 VETS Indexes - 5 Star Employer, and a 2025 Best Corporation for Veteran s Business Enterprises of the Year. 4 Table of Contents Our People As of January 30, 2026, Lowe s employed approximately 167,000 full-time associates and 109,000 part-time associates, primarily in the United States and India. During the spring season, we temporarily expand our workforce by hiring associates in part-time and full-time positions to meet the elevated levels of demand. We have a proactive associate listening strategy, most notably through our annual engagement survey. In fiscal 2025, more than 90% of our associates participated in our survey, and our people leaders use the feedback to improve our associate experience. Creating Good Jobs We have a strong track record of investing in our workforce by offering locally competitive salaries and wages. As of fiscal 2025, our minimum wage starts at $15 per hour, which helps us remain competitive for talent in all of our markets. These investments include incremental wages and share-based compensation for our frontline associates, which included creating many new roles for our associates to grow into as they advance along their career path. We offer an array of health, welfare, and financial benefits to our full-time and part-time associates, including health care and insurance benefits, retirement plans, an employee stock purchase plan, paid time off, and leave programs, among many others. We have implemented workforce management tools that enable us to offer various scheduling options to our full-time associates to foster an improved experience in balancing their work and life responsibilities. This includes such options as a shortened workweek, consistent shifts, or consecutive days off. Our focus on the associate experience begins at initial application. The implementation of improved technology in the hiring process has simplified the experience for those looking to join Lowe s and helped to drive the experience overall. We have Spanish language capabilities to promote bilingual hiring by guiding Spanish-speaking candidates through the full application process. Providing a safe environment for both working and shopping is our highest priority at Lowe s. We strive to maintain a culture of safety, which begins with our leaders modeling the behaviors we want our associates to adopt. We embed safety into associate onboarding, developmental e-learning, and on-the-job training. Sense of Belonging We believe that diverse and inclusive teams with a range of perspectives, backgrounds, and experiences, drive stronger ideas, better business results, and deeper connections with the communities we serve. This year, we have focused on strengthening our culture of winning through the launch of the Inclusion Network, offering new ways for associates to engage and grow. As part of this launch, we introduced two mentor programs: the Power Your Growth pilot program for store associates and the Inspire Mentor program designed for corporate associates. Additionally, we achieved a major milestone in our community impact, through completion of more than 2,000 community projects across our four core pillars: safe and affordable housing, skilled trades education, community improvements, and disaster response. These efforts reflect our commitment to building a workplace and community environment where every associate can contribute, grow, and thrive. Promising Future We are committed to securing top talent and providing ongoing training and other developmental opportunities to facilitate meaningful careers at Lowe s. We offer a variety of role-specific leadership and development programs that build and reinforce functional-technical/professional skills, business acumen, and leadership skills to prepare high-performing leaders for their next role. Our focus on leadership development enables us to grow talent internally and has resulted in more than 85% of store leadership positions being filled internally in the last year. Our Lowe's University offerings include the District Manager and Store Manager immersive week-long leadership experience programs, delivered from the Lowe s University training center; the virtually-delivered store department supervisor fundamentals series; the virtually-delivered field supply chain leadership director, manager, and supervisor experience programs; and the certification programs for store and technology associates that further develop their skills and knowledge base. In addition, our in-person Lowe s University offerings include an Assistant Store Manager leadership training to further develop our store leaders. Additionally, through Lowe s Track to the Trades program, we offer all Lowe s associates the opportunity to enroll in programs to complete apprentice certifications in electrical, plumbing, HVAC, appliance repair, or multi-family maintenance. The program also connects them with Pros to help them start a career in their area of interest. The Track to the Trades program 5 Table of Contents demonstrates Lowe s commitment to our industry and the communities we serve. This program, combined with our tuition-free education program, are further examples of how we are investing in the development of our associates. Corporate Responsibility We take our role as a Fortune 100 retailer seriously by managing our business responsibly, focusing on serving our associates and improving the communities where we live and work. Sustainability objectives are integrated into our business operations, particularly by focusing on the three pillars of our sustainability strategy: our people and communities, product sustainability, and operational excellence, which includes reducing the environmental footprint of our operations, which we believe will help drive long-term shareholder value. Investing in our Communities Lowe s is committed to supporting the communities we serve, which is reflected through our philanthropic efforts. Through our community impact programs, nonprofit partnerships and associate volunteer efforts, Lowe s has continued to revitalize neighborhoods, improve essential community spaces and support natural disaster relief and recovery efforts. Our efforts maintain a special focus on veterans, active-duty military, and first responders. Additionally, since awarding its first Gable Grants in 2023, the Lowe s Foundation has invested over $50 million to help solve the critical skilled trades workforce shortage through a growing network of community colleges and nonprofits in rural and urban communities. Product Sustainability We are committed to promoting sustainable practices throughout our supply chain and providing customers with high quality, safe and more efficient products. Our product selection process begins with our responsible sourcing decisions and ongoing supplier engagement. Through collaboration and established management systems, we monitor our suppliers practices to secure high-quality products from suppliers who support worker rights and protect the environment. Lowe s human rights policy supports the fundamental principles of human rights, as defined by the Universal Declaration of Human Rights. We continue to hold all suppliers to our rigorous standards through our human rights policy, our conflict minerals policy, and our Vendor Code of Conduct, which includes enhanced environmental standards. In addition, we have a wood sourcing policy with principles that we expect our vendors to follow, including no illegal logging; no deforestation; no sourcing of endangered species; the protection and preservation of biodiversity; and undergoing and securing Free, Prior and Informed Consent, as defined by the United Nations, wherever applicable. The policy applies risk-based approach that categorizes sourcing risk levels by country, identifies appropriate monitoring practices and includes a new forestry grievance process to share concerns. We are dedicated to empowering our customers to lead more sustainable lives while minimizing the environmental footprint of our products. We continue to expand our offering of independently certified products that have validated environmental claims, preserve and protect natural resources, and help customers reduce energy and water consumption. These products help customers save money and lower operating costs over time while supporting more efficient use of resources. We work with local and regional utilities to offer customers assorted rebates for a variety of efficient products including ENERGY STAR and WaterSense . Reducing Our Environmental Footprint We are committed to mitigating climate change by reducing the environmental impact of our operations and supply chain through targeted investments in energy efficiency, renewable energy, environmentally friendly transportation practices, and innovative water and waste management systems. Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emissions In 2025, Lowe s continued to make progress toward achieving net-zero emissions across the Company s scope 1, 2, and 3 GHG emissions by 2050. That plan includes interim emissions targets for 2030: decreasing our scope 1 and 2 emissions by 42% and reducing scope 3 emissions by 25% below 2021 levels. We report our progress annually in Lowe s Corporate Responsibility Report, to the Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP), and via lowes.com/net-zero . The contents of these reports are not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in any other report or document we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). To reach these targets, Lowe s continues to focus on increasing operational efficiency and reducing emissions across Lowe's value chain. We are making further investments in energy efficiency and renewable energy within our operations, while 6 Table of Contents exploring emerging technologies to reduce emissions associated with our vehicle fleet and facilities. Over the past three years, we have invested more than $400 million across multiple projects, including replacing stores aging HVAC units with high efficiency models, installing and updating building management systems, deploying material handling automation such as pallet grinders, and completing indoor LED lighting upgrades. As a global home improvement retailer, Lowe s engages suppliers on the importance of measuring and reporting emissions through the CDP. Lowe s was recently recognized as a Supplier Engagement Leader for our outstanding work in 2025. This engagement supports supplier efforts to identify efficiency opportunities, adopt renewable energy and implement lower-carbon solutions. Procuring renewable energy is another lever to reduce our emissions footprint, and in 2025, we continued to advance a pipeline of both onsite and offsite renewable energy projects. Lowe s is a member of the Clean Energy Buyers Association to evaluate emerging renewable energy opportunities and technologies, including community solar and power purchase agreements, and continues to implement on-site solar generation across our stores and supply chain network. We collaborate with the Environmental Protection Agency s (EPA) SmartWay program to reduce transportation emissions by managing and reducing fuel usage through incentives for freight contractors to improve efficiency. Lowe s leverages SmartWay data to enhance visibility into scope 3 emissions associated with our U.S. transportation footprint. Waste We partner with suppliers to improve recycling and waste diversion, develop regional waste management processes, measure waste streams, and conduct waste audits. At a local level, store waste, including cardboard, broken appliances, and wood pallets, is recycled through national and regional partners. We continue to educate customers and encourage proper recycling of product packaging through our collaboration with How2Recycle . As recycling infrastructure and technology continues to evolve, we evaluate opportunities to improve waste diversion and support circular economy solutions where feasible. Water While our water consumption is modest compared with other industries, we continue to focus on reducing water consumption within our operations. We use smart irrigation controllers at most stores and deploy leak detection technology to identify and address leaks promptly. We also maintain protocols for the handling and disposal of chemicals to help prevent release into local waterways. Corporate Responsibility Reporting Lowe s participates in the CDP s climate change, forests and water security questionnaires to benchmark environmental practices and provide transparency on progress. Lowe s continues to externally verify its scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions, as well as scope 3 Use of Sold Product emissions and water usage data to increase confidence in reporting. Our annual Corporate Responsibility Report is guided by the Sustainable Accounting Standards Board, the Global Reporting Initiative, and the U.N. Sustainable Development Goals, and we publish a Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures report to assess climate-related risks and opportunities. Additional information regarding our activities related to our human capital strategy, as well as our workforce diversity data, latest community improvement projects, and sustainability efforts can be found in our Corporate Responsibility Report and Impact and Culture Report, which are published annually and can be found on our website at responsibility.lowes.com . The contents of these reports are not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in any other report or document we file with the SEC. Available Information Our Annual Report, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, are made available free of charge through our Internet website at ir.lowes.com , as soon as reasonably practicable after such documents are electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. The SEC maintains an Internet site, www.sec.gov , that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. 7 Table of Contents Item 1A - Risk Factors We describe below certain risks that could adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, business reputation, or business prospects. These risk factors may change from time to time and may be amended, supplemented, or superseded by updates to the risk factors contained in our future periodic reports on Form 10-K, Form 10-Q, and reports on other forms we file with the SEC. All forward-looking statements about our future results of operations or other matters made by us in this Annual Report, in our Annual Report to Lowe s Shareholders, and in our subsequently filed reports to the SEC, as well as in our press releases and other public communications, are qualified by the risks described below. You should read these risk factors in conjunction with Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Item 7 and our consolidated financial statements and related notes in Item 8 . There also may be other factors that we cannot anticipate or that are not described in this Annual Report generally because we do not currently perceive them to be material. Those factors could cause results to differ materially from our expectations. In connection with any investment decision with respect to our securities, you should carefully consider the following risk factors, as well as the other information contained in this report and our other filings with the SEC. Strategic, Competitive, Operational, and Reputational Risks We may be unable to adapt our business concept in a rapidly evolving retail environment to address the changing shopping habits, demands, and demographics of our customers. The home improvement retail environment, like the retail environment generally, is rapidly evolving, and adapting our business concept to respond to our customers changing shopping habits and demands and their changing demographics is critical to our future success. Our success is dependent on our ability to identify and respond to the economic, social, style, and other trends that affect demographic and consumer preferences in a variety of our merchandise categories and service offerings, as well as consumer spending. Customers needs and expectations about how they wish to research, purchase, and receive products and services have also evolved. It is difficult to predict the mix of products and services that our customers will demand. As our customers expect a more personalized experience, our ability to offer more localized assortments of our merchandise to appeal to local tastes within each customer group is important to our ability to effectively meet customer needs and expectations. Our Pro customers also expect more capabilities such as appropriate product assortment, strong sales support, and competitive credit options. Customers also have evolving preferences and expectations related to the sustainability of our products and operations. If we do not successfully differentiate the shopping experience to meet the individual needs and expectations of or within a customer group, we may lose market share with respect to those customers. Failure to identify such trends, adapt our business concept, implement an increasingly localized merchandising assortment, and implement related strategic initiatives successfully, could negatively affect our relationship with our customers, the demand for the home improvement products and services we sell, the rate of growth of our business, our market share, and results of operations. We may not be able to realize the intended benefits of our strategic initiatives focused on providing an omnichannel shopping experience to our customers if we fail to deliver the capabilities required to execute on them. Our interactions with customers have evolved into an omnichannel experience as they use computers, tablets, mobile phones, other electronic devices to shop in our stores and online and provide feedback and public commentary on social media platforms about all aspects of our business. Omnichannel and digital retail is quickly evolving, and we must anticipate and meet our customers expectations and counteract new developments and technology investments by our competitors. Our customer-facing technology systems must appeal to our customers, function as designed, and provide a consistent customer experience. We also need to collect, use, and share relevant customer data to effectively meet customer expectations of a more personalized experience. Our ability to collect, use, and share such data is subject to a number of external factors, including the impact of legislation or regulations governing data privacy and security, as well as the change of third-party policies restricting data collection, use, and sharing. The success of our strategic initiatives to adapt our business concept to our customers changing shopping habits and demands and changing demographics have required us to, and will continue to require us to, deliver large, complex programs requiring integrated planning, initiative prioritization, and program sequencing. These initiatives have required, and will continue to require, new competencies in many positions, and our management, associates, and contractors have had to, and will need to continue to, adapt and learn new skills and capabilities. To the extent they are unable or unwilling to make these changes, we may be unable to realize the full benefits of our strategic initiatives and expand our relevant market access. Failure to realize the benefits of amounts we invest in new technologies, products, or services could result in the value of those investments being written down or written off. In addition, to support our strategic initiatives and the related technology investments needed to 8 Table of Contents implement our strategic investments, we must attract and retain a large number of skilled professionals, including technology professionals. The market for these professionals is increasingly competitive. Our results of operations, financial condition, or business prospects could also be adversely affected if we fail to provide a consistent experience for our customers, regardless of sales channel, if our technology systems do not meet our customers expectations, if we are unable to counteract new developments and innovations implemented by our competitors, or if we are unable to attract, retain, and manage the talent succession of additional personnel at various levels of the Company who have the skills and capabilities we need to implement our strategic initiatives and drive the changes that are essential to successfully adapting our business concept in the rapidly changing retail environment. We have many competitors who could take sales and market share from us if we fail to execute our strategic initiatives effectively, or if they develop a substantially more effective or lower cost means of meeting customer needs, resulting in a negative impact on our business and results of operations. We operate in a highly competitive market for home improvement products and services and have numerous large and small, direct and indirect competitors. The principal competitive factors in our industry include location of stores, product assortment, product pricing, in-stock levels, customer service, and the evolution of technology and customer expectations. We face growing competition from online and omnichannel retailers who have a similar product or service offering. Customers are increasingly able to quickly comparison shop and determine real-time product availability and price using digital tools. We will be at a competitive disadvantage if, over time, our competitors are more effective than us in their utilization and integration of rapidly evolving technologies, including AI and machine learning technologies. Further, online and omnichannel retailers continue to focus on delivery services, as customers are increasingly seeking faster, guaranteed delivery times, including same-day and next-day fulfillment, low-price or free shipping, and convenient pick-up options, and we must make investments to keep up with our customers evolving shopping preferences. Our ability to be competitive on delivery times, delivery costs, and delivery options depends on many factors, including successful implementation and the continued maintenance of our initiatives related to supply chain transformation, including our market-based delivery model, and our relationships with third parties providing delivery services. Our failure to respond effectively to competitive pressures and changes in the markets for home improvement products and services could affect our financial performance. Moreover, changes in the promotional pricing and other practices of our competitors, including the effects of competitor liquidation activities, may impact our results. If we fail to hire, train, manage, and retain qualified associates or corporate support staff with the capabilities of delivering on strategic objectives, our labor costs and results of operations could be negatively impacted. Our customers expect our associates to be well trained and knowledgeable about the products we sell and the home improvement services we provide. We compete with other retailers for many of our associates, and we are experiencing a competitive labor market with low unemployment. Increasingly, our sales associates must have expanded skill sets. It is important that we attract and retain a qualified workforce that can deliver relevant, competent, and differentiated experiences for a wide variety of culturally diverse customers. Additionally, in order to deliver on the omnichannel expectations of our customers and related strategic objectives, we rely on the specialized training and capabilities of corporate support staff, which are broadly sought after by our competitors. Further, our ability to successfully execute organizational changes, including management transitions within the Company's senior leadership, are critical to our business success. The loss of key executive or senior officers or our failure to adequately plan for succession of senior management personnel could impact our ability to achieve our strategic objectives. If we are unable to hire, train, manage, and retain qualified associates, the quality of service we provide to our customers may decrease and our results of operations could be negatively affected. Our ability to meet our labor needs, particularly in a competitive labor market, while controlling our costs is subject to a variety of external factors, including wage rates, the availability of and competition for talent, health care and other benefit costs, our brand image and reputation, changing demographics and the adoption of new or revised legislation or regulations governing immigration, employment, labor relations, minimum wage, health care benefits, and family and medical leave. We are subject to upward pressure on associate wages and employer-provided benefits, which in turn increases labor costs. Additionally, many associates are in entry-level or part-time roles with historically higher turnover rates, which leads to increased training and retention costs. A limited number of our employees at FBM are represented by labor unions, and we are also subject to labor organizing efforts from time to time. If successful, those organizing efforts may affect how we operate our business. Our response to any organizing efforts could be perceived negatively and harm our business and reputation. In addition to our United States operations, we have support offices in India and China, and any extended disruption of our operations in our different locations, whether due to labor difficulties or otherwise, could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 9 Table of Contents Positively and effectively managing our public image and reputation is critical to our business success, and, if our public image and reputation are damaged, it could negatively impact our relationships with our customers, vendors, associates, and shareholders, and consequently, our business and results of operations. Our public image and reputation are critical to ensuring that our customers shop at Lowe s, our vendors want to do business with Lowe s, and our associates want to work for Lowe s. We must continue to manage, preserve, and grow Lowe s public image and reputation. Lowe s actual or perceived position or lack of position on social, environmental, political, public policy, or other sensitive issues, and any perceived lack of transparency about those matters, could harm our reputation. In addition, failure to meet our stated environmental and social objectives, and consumer, shareholder, and other stakeholder concerns about our environmental and social practices are potential sources of reputational risk. Vendors and others with whom we do business may affect our reputation. Any negative incident can erode trust and confidence quickly, and adverse publicity about us could damage our reputation and brand image, undermine our customers confidence, reduce demand for our products and services, affect our relationships with current and future vendors, impact our results of operations, affect our ability to recruit, retain, and engage our associates, and attract regulatory scrutiny. Collaborations with social media content creators, professional athletes, celebrities, and public personalities may also expose us to brand and reputational risks. The significant expansion in the use of social media over recent years has compounded the potential scope of the negative publicity that could be generated by such negative incidents. We have been, and in the future may be, subject to criticism in the media and negative social media campaigns related to certain initiatives, including those related to diversity and inclusion, and changes in those initiatives. Widespread dissemination of such criticism at times may adversely impact our relationships with our associates, customers, shareholders, and other stakeholders. In addition, the use of social media platforms and other technologies has increased the speed and accessibility of information dissemination and given users the ability to more effectively organize collective actions such as boycotts and other actions that could have an adverse effect. Additionally, our proprietary rights in our trademarks, trade names, service marks, domain names, copyrights, patents, trade secrets, and other intellectual property rights are valuable assets of our business. We may not be able to prevent or even discover every instance of unauthorized third-party uses of our intellectual property or dilution of our brand names, such as when a third party uses trademarks that are identical or similar to our own. If we are unable to successfully protect our intellectual property rights, our business could be adversely affected. Failure to achieve and maintain a high level of product and service quality could damage our image with customers, expose us to litigation and negatively impact our sales, profitability, cash flows, and financial condition. Product and service quality issues could result in a negative impact on customer confidence in Lowe s and our brand image. If our product and service offerings do not meet applicable safety standards or our customers expectations regarding safety or quality, we could experience lost sales and increased costs and be exposed to legal, financial, and reputational risks. As a result, Lowe s reputation as a retailer of high-quality products and services, including both national and Lowe s private brands, could suffer and impact customer loyalty and trust. Additionally, we and our customers have expectations on responsible sourcing and compliance with applicable laws and regulations. Under our Vendor Code of Conduct, our vendors are required to meet our expectations across multiple areas of compliance, including health and safety, environmental standards, compensation, hours of work, and prohibitions on child and forced labor. Where appropriate, we request that our vendors provide additional documentation proving their compliance in these areas. If we need to seek alternative sources of supply from vendors with whom we have less familiarity, the risk of our standards not being met may increase. Actual, potential, or perceived product safety concerns or vendor non-compliance exposes us to litigation, as well as government enforcement action, and could, and in certain instances in the past has, resulted in costly product recalls, the inability to sell certain products due to customs actions, including regulatory enforcement inquiries, holds, detentions, and exclusions, and other liabilities. Our sales and profitability depend on our ability to maintain our store base and maintain appropriate levels of inventory and failure to do so may affect our business, financial condition and result of operations. We have a store base that requires maintenance, investment, and space reallocation initiatives to deliver the shopping experience that our customers desire. Our capital investments in our stores may not deliver the convenience or relevant shopping experience our customers expect. It is important that we maintain appropriate levels of inventory in our stores and supply chain facilities and respond to changing customer demands. We must also maintain a safe store environment for our customers and associates, as well as to protect against loss or theft of our inventory (known as shrink ). Higher rates of shrink, which we have experienced from time to time, including as a result of organized retail crime, can require operational changes that may increase costs and adversely impact customer and associate experience. Supply Chain and Third-Party Risks Disruptions in our supply chain and our fulfillment network for our products due to various factors including, but not limited to, global health crises, geopolitical conflicts, trade policy changes, and additional tariffs, have affected and may continue to affect our business and results of operations. 10 Table of Contents We source, stock, and sell products from domestic and international vendors, and their ability to reliably and efficiently fulfill our orders is critical to our business success. Catastrophic events, extreme weather conditions, public health crises, and global economic and political conditions may adversely affect our global supply chain. For example, impacts related to the COVID-19 pandemic placed strains on the domestic and international supply chain, which negatively affected the flow and availability of our products in the past, due to difficulties in timely obtaining products from the manufacturers and suppliers of our products. We source, both directly and indirectly, a portion of the products we sell from foreign manufacturers, with China and Mexico being the dominant import sources. Tax and trade policies, tariffs, and other regulations affecting trade between the United States and other countries, such as China and Mexico, increase the cost of our merchandise sourced from outside of the United States, which represents a large percentage of our private branded and national brand merchandise. It remains unclear how tax or trade policies, tariffs, customs actions, or trade relations may evolve in the future, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, effective income tax rate, liquidity, and net income. In addition, other countries have responded by changing their business and trade policies in anticipation of or in response to increased import tariffs and other changes in U.S. trade policy and regulations already enacted or that may be enacted in the future. Complications in the free movement of goods in North America, an escalation of tariff activity elsewhere in the world or changes to existing free trade agreements, like the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement (USMCA), could adversely impact our financial results. Increased import tariffs and other changes in trade policy could also impact consumer demand for the products we sell. In addition to the potential direct impacts of increased tariff activity, longer term macroeconomic consequences could result, including slower growth, inflation, and higher interest rates. The degree of our exposure is dependent on, among other things, the type of goods, rates imposed, and timing of tariffs. The impact to our business, including net sales and gross margin, will be influenced in part by merchandising and pricing strategies in response to potential cost impacts by us and our competitors. While these potential impacts are uncertain, they could have an adverse impact on our financial results. Financial instability among key vendors, political instability, geopolitical or armed conflicts, and labor unrest in source countries or elsewhere in our supply chain, changes in the total costs in our supply chain (including fuel), labor costs or labor shortages among our vendors, port labor disputes and security, the outbreak of pandemics, weather-related events, natural disasters, work stoppages or slowdowns, government shutdowns, shipping capacity restraints, shipping delays and disruptions, changes in trade policy, retaliatory trade restrictions imposed by either the United States or a major source country, tariffs or duties, customs actions, including regulatory enforcement inquiries, holds, detentions, and exclusions, fluctuations in transport availability, capacity, and costs are beyond our control and could negatively impact our business if they seriously disrupted the movement of products through our supply chain or increased their costs. In recent years, U.S. ports have been impacted by capacity constraints, port congestion and delays, periodic labor disputes, security issues, weather-related events, and natural disasters. Additionally, as we add fulfillment capabilities or pursue strategies with different fulfillment requirements, our fulfillment network becomes increasingly complex and operating it becomes more challenging. If our fulfillment network does not operate properly or if a vendor fails to deliver on its commitments, we experience delays in inventory, increased delivery costs, or merchandise out-of-stocks that could lead to lost sales, decreased customer confidence, and adversely affect our results of operations and business performance. The execution of initiatives to transform our supply chain network could disrupt our operations in the near term, and these investments might not provide the anticipated benefits. We continue to transform and expand our supply chain network and existing omnichannel capabilities to meet changing customer needs and expectations. These investments are designed to promote greater network capacity and better flow management and optimization while leveraging a market delivery model. Failure to choose the right investments and implement them in the right manner and at the right pace could disrupt our operations. If we are unable to effectively manage the volume, timing, nature, location, and cost of these investments, projects, and changes, our business operations and financial results could be materially and adversely affected. The cost and potential problems, defects of design, and interruptions associated with the implementation of these initiatives, including those associated with implementing new technologies, restructuring support systems and processes, securing appropriate facility locations, addressing impacts on inventory levels, and managing third-party service providers, could disrupt or reduce the efficiency of our operations and impact our profitability. Our investments to enhance and expand our supply chain might not provide the anticipated benefits, or might take longer than expected to complete or realize anticipated benefits, or might fail altogether, each of which could adversely impact our competitive position and our financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. 11 Table of Contents Our inability to effectively and efficiently manage and maintain our relationships with selected suppliers of both national brand and private branded products could negatively impact our business operations and financial results. We form strategic relationships, some of which are exclusive, with selected suppliers to market and develop products under a variety of recognized and respected national brand names. We also have relationships with certain suppliers to enable us to sell private branded products which differentiate us from other retailers. The inability to effectively and efficiently manage and maintain our relationships with these suppliers could negatively impact our business operations and financial results. The business practices of these suppliers could be associated with us and heighten risks to our brand. Failure of a key vendor or service provider that we cannot quickly replace could disrupt our operations and negatively impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We rely upon a number of vendors as the sole or primary source of some of the products we sell. We also rely upon many independent service providers for technology solutions and other services that are important to many aspects of our business. Many of these vendors and service providers have certain products or specialized skills needed to support our business concept and our strategies. If these vendors or service providers discontinue operations or are unable to perform as expected, or if we fail to manage them properly or we are unable to replace them quickly, our business could be adversely affected, at least temporarily, until we are able to replace them. Failures relating to our third-party installer program or by our third-party installers have resulted in and could result in increased operational and legal risks and negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. We contract with third-party installers to provide installation services to our customers, and, as the general contractor, we are subject to regulatory requirements and risks applicable to general contractors, including certain licensing and permitting requirements, and those relating to the quality and performance of our third-party installers. We have been involved in investigations by one or more government agencies relating to our compliance with applicable laws and regulations, including an investigation with respect to whether we are in compliance with applicable recordkeeping requirements and lead-safe practices. Any adverse result following such investigations could negatively affect our operations. The qualification processes and background checks we utilize when engaging third-party installers may not reveal all potentially relevant information, including accurate worker authorization information and criminal history. In addition, failures by us or our third-party installers to effectively manage such requirements and internal processes regarding installation services have, from time to time, resulted in, and in the future could result in lost sales, fines, and lawsuits, as well as damage to our reputation, and may result in the loss of our general contractor licenses, which could negatively affect our business. Technology and Cybersecurity Risks Our financial performance could be adversely affected if our information systems or the information systems of third-party vendors are seriously disrupted or we fail to properly maintain, improve, upgrade, and expand those systems and infrastructure. Our efforts to provide an omnichannel experience for our customers include investing in, maintaining, and making ongoing improvements of our existing information systems that support operations, such as sales, inventory replenishment, merchandise ordering, project design and execution, transportation, receipt processing and fulfillment. We also engage third-party vendors for a variety of reasons, including for digital storage technology and content delivery. Such vendors may have access to information about our customers, associates, or vendors. Our systems and the systems of third-party vendors are subject to damage or interruption as a result of catastrophic events, power outages, viruses, malicious attacks, and telecommunications failures, or other vulnerabilities and irregularities, and as a result we may incur significant expense, data loss, as well as an erosion of customer confidence. Additionally, we continually make investments in our systems which may introduce disruption. In particular, the Company is undergoing a multi-year technology transformation which includes updating and modernizing our distribution and replenishment systems, as well as certain accounting and finance systems. We may not be able to achieve the anticipated benefits of these investments and may experience operational challenges such as delays or errors in implementation, security failures such as loss or corruption of data, reputational harm, increased costs and other significant disruptions. Our financial performance could be adversely affected if our information systems are seriously disrupted or we fail to properly maintain, improve, upgrade, and expand those systems. The failure of customer-facing technology systems to perform effectively and reliably could keep us from delivering positive customer experiences. Access to the Internet from computers, tablets, smartphones and other mobile devices has changed the way customers shop and interact with us. Our websites, primarily Lowes.com, and our mobile applications are important sales channels and sources of 12 Table of Contents information that influence both online and in-store sales. We leverage other affiliated websites and mobile apps through which we seek to inspire, inform, cross-sell, establish online communities among, and otherwise interact with, our customers, including through online visualization and configuration tools. Performance issues with these customer-facing technology systems, including systems failures or interruptions, defects, capacity constraints, human error, natural disasters, power loss, failures by third parties, and cybersecurity threats such as distributed denial of service attacks, ransomware, phishing and other attempts to gain unauthorized access to or disrupt systems or data, or a complete failure of one or more of them without a disaster recovery plan that can be quickly implemented, could quickly destroy the positive benefits they provide to our home improvement business and negatively affect our customers perceptions of Lowe s as a reliable online vendor and source of information about home improvement products and services. Our business, reputation, results of operations, and financial condition could be adversely affected by cybersecurity incidents and the failure to protect customer, associate, vendor, or Company information or to comply with evolving regulations relating to our obligation to protect our systems, assets, and such information. Cyber-attacks and tactics designed to gain access to and exploit sensitive information by breaching mission critical systems of large organizations are constantly evolving, and high profile security breaches leading to unauthorized release of sensitive customer information have occurred in recent years with increasing frequency at a number of major U.S. companies, including several large retailers, despite widespread recognition of the cyber-attack threat and improved data protection methods. As with many other retailers, we collect, process, transmit, store, and delete certain personal information about our customers, associates, and vendors, as well as confidential, sensitive, proprietary and business, personal and payment card information. Additionally, we use third-party service providers for certain services, such as authentication, content delivery, back-office support, fraud prevention, order and service fulfillment, supply chain management, customer service, workforce management, and other functions, and we provide such third-party service providers with personal and other confidential information necessary for the services concerned. In the normal course of business, we and our third-party service providers have in the past and will likely continue to experience cybersecurity threats and incidents, and certain of our third-party service providers have been subject to disruption due to ransomware and other cyber-attacks. Although, we do not believe such cybersecurity threats or incidents have had a material impact on us to date, there is no guarantee that a future cybersecurity threat or incident will be detected and remediated to not have a material adverse impact on our business strategy, reputation, results of operations, or financial condition. It can be difficult to preempt or detect ever-evolving forms of cyber-attacks, and we and our third-party service providers may not be able to adequately anticipate or prevent a future breach in our or their systems that results in the unauthorized access to, destruction, misuse, or release of personal information or other sensitive data. The increased levels of remote access to our information systems and the continued use of remote work infrastructure has further increased the possible attack surfaces, and we are exposed to increased risk to the security of our information systems or the information systems of third-party vendors and the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our data. A ransomware attack could prevent us or our third-party service providers from accessing data or systems that support Lowe s operations. Our information security or our service providers information security may also be compromised because of human errors or acts, including by associates, or system errors. Our systems and our service providers systems are additionally vulnerable to a number of other causes, such as critical infrastructure outages, computer viruses, technology system failures, catastrophic events or cyber-attacks, including the use of malicious codes, worms, phishing, and ransomware. In the event that our systems are breached or damaged for any reason, we may also suffer loss or unavailability of data and interruptions to our business operations while such breach or damage is being remedied. Should these events occur, the unauthorized disclosure, loss, or unavailability of data and disruption to our business may have a material adverse effect on our reputation, drive existing and potential customers away and lead to financial losses from remedial actions, or potential liability, including possible litigation and punitive damages. A security breach resulting in the unauthorized release of data from our information systems or our third-party service providers information systems would also materially increase the costs we already incur to protect against such risks and require dedication of substantial resources to manage the aftermath of such a breach. We maintain cybersecurity insurance coverage although such insurance may be insufficient to compensate us for losses that may occur or may not cover certain cyber incidents. Additionally, the rapid evolution of AI and machine learning technologies and the implementation of pilot programs integrating generative AI into our internal and customer-facing systems may intensify our cybersecurity risks and create new risks to our business, operations, and financial condition. Data privacy and cybersecurity laws are constantly changing, and the implementation of these laws has become more complex. In order to maintain our compliance with such laws as they come to fruition, we may sustain increased costs and change our business policies and processes in order to adapt to new requirements that are or become applicable to us. As the regulatory environment relating to retailers and other companies obligation to protect personal information becomes stricter, a material failure on our part to comply with applicable regulations could subject us to fines, other regulatory sanctions, or government 13 Table of Contents investigation, and potentially to lawsuits brought by private individuals, regulators or states attorney general. Such violation or perceived violation of privacy, including improper collection, use of sharing of personal information, or failure to sufficiently disclose privacy practice, can adversely affect the trust that customers, associates, and business partners have in us related to their personal information. See Item 1C of this Form 10-K, Cybersecurity, for more information on our cybersecurity risk management and governance. We are subject to payments-related risks that could increase our operating costs, expose us to fraud, subject us to potential liability and potentially disrupt our business. We accept payments using a variety of methods, including credit cards, debit cards, credit accounts, our private label and co-branded credit cards, trade credit, mobile and electronic payments, digital wallets, gift cards, cash, consumer invoicing and physical bank checks, buy now pay later, and we may offer different payment options over time. These payment options subject us to many compliance requirements, including, but not limited to, compliance with payment card association operating rules, including data security rules, certification requirements, rules governing electronic funds transfers and Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards. They also subject us to potential fraud by criminal elements seeking to discover and take advantage of security vulnerabilities that may exist in some of these payment systems. If we fail to comply with these rules or requirements, or if our data security systems are breached or compromised, we may be liable for card issuing banks costs, subject to fines and higher transaction fees, and lose our ability to accept credit and debit card payments from our customers, process electronic funds transfers, or facilitate other types of online payments, and our business and operating results could be adversely affected. For certain payment methods, including credit and debit cards, we pay interchange and other fees, which may increase over time and raise our operating costs. Additionally, we rely on third parties to provide payment processing services, including the processing of credit cards, debit cards, electronic checks, gift cards, promotional financing, and other forms of electronic payment, and it could disrupt our business if these companies become unwilling or unable to provide these services to us. National outages with our third-party credit and debit processor have resulted in lost sales and declined transactions after purchases. Future occurrences of such failures in third party systems are difficult to predict and may adversely affect our operations in unexpected ways. Our growing use of AI and machine learning may present additional risks, including risks associated with algorithm development or use, the tools and data sets used and/or a complex, developing regulatory environment. We currently leverage internally developed and third-party developed AI, including both predictive and generative AI-powered solutions, to facilitate a more efficient operation of our business and to enhance the experience of our customers. We have developed an AI framework designed to enhance the customer experience and unlock productivity across three pillars how we sell, how we shop, and how we work. We use AI-powered solutions designed to enable quick and personalized customer interactions, design assistance platforms, and tools for better forecasting, sourcing, inventory planning, and faster fulfillment. We face risk of competitive disadvantage if our competitors more effectively use AI to better serve customers, drive internal efficiencies, and create new or enhanced products or services. Additionally, we are making investments to expand our AI capabilities in our business, including ongoing deployment and improvement of existing machine learning and AI technologies, as well as developing new features using AI technologies. We anticipate increased investments in the future to improve our use of AI, however, there can be no assurance that the development or usage of, or our investments in, AI will always enhance our products or services or be beneficial to our business. Further, the rapidly evolving legal and regulatory environment relating to AI and privacy could impact our implementation of AI technology and increase compliance costs and the risk of non-compliance. Flaws, breaches, or malfunctions in these systems could lead to operational disruptions, data loss, erroneous decision-making, regulatory scrutiny, reputational harm, or legal liability. Investment-Related Risks Our strategic transactions involve risks, and we may not realize the expected benefits because of numerous uncertainties and risks. We regularly consider and enter into strategic transactions, including mergers, acquisitions, joint ventures, investments and other growth, market and geographic expansion strategies, such as FBM and ADG in 2025, with the expectation that these transactions will result in increases in sales, cost savings, synergies, and other various benefits. Our ability to deliver the expected benefits from any strategic transaction is subject to numerous uncertainties and risks, including our ability to integrate personnel, labor models, financial, IT and other systems successfully; disruption of our ongoing business and distraction of management; hiring additional management and other critical personnel; and increasing the scope, geographic diversity, and complexity of our operations. Effective internal controls are necessary to provide reliable and accurate financial reports, and the integration of businesses may create complexity in our financial systems and internal controls and make them more difficult to manage. Integration of businesses into our internal control system could cause us to fail to meet our financial reporting 14 Table of Contents obligations. Additionally, we have recognized material impairments in the past and may do so in the future, including in connection with assets we have acquired or divested in a strategic transaction or charges to earnings associated with any strategic transaction, which have and may in the future materially reduce our earnings. Our shareholders may react unfavorably to our strategic transactions and strategic transactions may also be subject to regulatory uncertainty due to the changing enforcement landscape. We may not realize the anticipated benefits from such transactions, we may be exposed to additional liabilities of any acquired business or joint venture, and we may be exposed to litigation in connection with the strategic transaction. Further, we may finance these strategic transactions by incurring additional debt, which could increase leverage or impact our ability to access capital in the future. Legal, Regulatory and Other External Risks Our sales are dependent upon the health and stability of the general economy. Adverse changes in macroeconomic factors specific to the home improvement industry have in the past and may in the future negatively impact the rate of growth of our total sales and comparable sales. Many macroeconomic factors have in the past and may in the future adversely affect our financial performance. These include, but are not limited to, periods of slow economic growth or recession, home price appreciation or decreasing housing turnover, age of housing stock, volatility and/or lack of liquidity from time to time in U.S. and world financial markets and the consequent reduced availability and/or higher cost of borrowing to Lowe s and its customers, slower rates of growth in real disposable personal income that could affect the rate of growth in consumer spending, inflation and its impacts on discretionary spending and on our costs, shortages, and other disruptions in the labor supply, the impact of rising interest rates, consumer debt levels, changes in tax rates and policy, outbreak of pandemics, fluctuations in fuel and energy costs, inflation or deflation of commodity prices, natural disasters, geopolitical or armed conflicts, and acts of both domestic and international terrorism. Additionally, in fiscal 2025, we continued to operate in an environment with inflationary pressures and affordability concerns, which has adversely impacted consumer discretionary spending. If cost inflation of merchandise increases beyond our ability to control or respond effectively, we may not be able to adjust prices to sufficiently offset the effect of the various cost increases without negatively impacting consumer demand. Sales of many of our product categories and services are driven by the activity level of home improvement projects. Adverse development in these factors could result in a decrease in home improvement activity which could reduce demand for our products and services. Our business has been and could continue to be affected by uncharacteristic or significant weather conditions, as well as other catastrophic events, which could impact our operations. Natural disasters, such as hurricanes and tropical storms, fires, floods, tornadoes, and earthquakes; unseasonable, or unexpected or extreme weather conditions, such as major or extended winter storms or droughts, whether as a result of climate change or otherwise; severe changes in climate; pandemics and public health concerns; acts of terrorism or violence, including active shooter situations; civil unrest; or similar disruptions and catastrophic events could have, and in certain instances in the past had, an adverse effect on our operations or financial performance. These events can affect consumer spending and confidence and consumers disposable income, particularly with respect to home improvement or construction projects, and could have an adverse effect on our financial performance. Natural disasters or catastrophic climate events may, and in certain instances in the past has, increased demand for certain of our products, and if we are unable to meet such customer demands, our reputation, business, and financial operations could be harmed, particularly if our responses to such events are less adequate than those of our competitors. These types of events can also adversely affect our workforce and prevent associates and customers from reaching our stores and other facilities. They can also disrupt or disable operations of stores, support centers, and portions of our supply chain and distribution network, including causing reductions in the availability of inventory and disruption of utility services. In addition, these events may affect our information systems, resulting in disruption to various aspects of our operations, including our ability to transact with customers and fulfill orders and to communicate with our stores. Unseasonable, unexpected or extreme weather conditions such as excessive precipitation, warm temperatures during the winter season, or prolonged or extreme periods of warm or cold temperatures, could render a portion of our inventory damaged or unsellable. As a consequence of these or other catastrophic or uncharacteristic events, we may experience interruption to our operations, increased costs, or losses of property, equipment or inventory, which would adversely affect our revenue and profitability. Our business and operations are subject to risks related to the long-term effects of global climate change. Our business and operations are subject to climate-related risks. These include both physical risks (such as extreme weather conditions or rising sea levels) and transition risks (such as regulatory or technology changes), which are expected to be widespread and unpredictable. Climate change, extreme weather conditions, wildfires, droughts, and rising sea levels may impact the areas in which the Company s operations and facilities are located, and they could also affect our ability to procure commodities at costs and in quantities we currently experience. Such events could result in an increase in our costs and expenses and harm our future revenue, cash flows, and financial performance. Government regulations limiting carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gas emissions may increase compliance and merchandise costs, and other regulations affecting energy 15 Table of Contents inputs could materially affect our profitability. In addition, we use natural gas, diesel fuel, gasoline and electricity in our operations, all of which could face increased regulation as a result of climate change or other environmental concerns. Our costs of doing business could increase as a result of changes in, expanded enforcement of, or adoption of new international, federal, state or local laws and regulations. Our business is subject to a wide array of international, federal, state and local laws and regulations. In recent years, a number of new laws and regulations have been adopted, and there has been expanded enforcement of certain existing laws and regulations by federal, state, and local agencies. These laws and regulations, and related interpretations and enforcement activity, may change as a result of a variety of factors, including political, economic, or social events. Changes in, expanded enforcement of, or adoption of new federal, state or local laws and regulations governing minimum wage requirements, collective bargaining, the classification of exempt and non-exempt employees, the distinction between employees and contractors, other wage, labor or workplace regulations, health care, data privacy and cybersecurity, the sale and pricing of some of our products, transportation, logistics, international trade, responsible sourcing, supply chain transparency, taxes, unclaimed property, sustainability, the environment and climate change, including energy costs and consumption, could increase our costs of doing business or impact our operations. In addition, if we fail to comply with other applicable laws and regulations, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and local anti-bribery laws, we could be subject to reputational and legal risks, including government enforcement action and class action civil litigation, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Future litigation or governmental proceedings could result in material adverse consequences, including judgments or settlements, negatively affecting our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We are, and in the future will become, involved in lawsuits, including consumer, commercial, employment, tort and other litigation, regulatory inquiries, and governmental and other legal proceedings arising out of the ordinary course of our business. Some of these proceedings raise difficult and complicated factual and legal issues and are subject to uncertainties and complexities. The timing of the final resolutions to lawsuits, regulatory inquiries and governmental and other legal proceedings is typically uncertain. Additionally, the possible outcomes of, or resolutions to, these proceedings could include adverse judgments or settlements, either of which could require substantial payments. Furthermore, defending against these proceedings may require a diversion of management s attention and resources. None of the legal proceedings in which we are currently involved, individually or collectively, are considered material. The inflation or deflation of commodity and other prices could affect our prices, demand for our products, and our sales. Prices of certain commodity products, including lumber, copper, energy, and other raw materials, are historically volatile and are subject to fluctuations arising from changes in domestic and international supply and demand, inflationary pressures, labor costs, competition, market speculation, government regulations, tariffs and trade restrictions, and periodic delays in delivery. Rapid and significant changes in commodity and other prices, such as changes in lumber prices, and our ability to pass them on to our customers or manage them through our portfolio strategy, have affected, and may continue to affect, the demand for our products and our sales. Tax matters could adversely affect our results of operations and financial conditions. We may be affected by higher rates of federal, state, or local tax imposed as a result of political developments or economic conditions, which could affect our effective tax rate. Our effective tax rate and future tax liability could be adversely affected by regulatory and legal changes, the results of tax audits and examinations, disallowed tax strategies, and changes in accounting principles and interpretations relating to tax matters, all of which could negatively impact our business. Changes in tax laws and regulations that impact our customers and counterparties or the economy generally could also impact our financial condition and results of operations. Liquidity and access to capital rely on efficient, rational, and open capital markets and are dependent on our credit strength. Our inability to access capital markets could negatively affect our business, financial performance, and results of operations. We rely on cash flows from operations, as well as continued access to capital markets on both a short-term and long-term basis, as needed, to fund our operations, make strategic investments to support long-term growth, such as the acquisitions of FBM and ADG, return excess cash to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases, and repay debt maturities as they become due. Our access to capital markets depends on our strong credit ratings, the overall condition of such capital markets, our operating performance and reputation with potential lenders. If rating agencies lower or place our credit ratings on a credit watch, or if we experience a deterioration of certain financial ratios, it could adversely affect our ability to access the public debt markets and our cost of funds. Each of the credit rating agencies reviews its ratings periodically, and there is no guarantee that our current credit ratings will remain the same. Disruption in the financial markets, including as a result of rising interest rates, bank and private credit failures or other macroeconomic conditions, or an erosion of our credit strength or declines on our credit rating could impact negatively our ability to meet capital requirements or fund working capital needs. If we are unable to 16 Table of Contents access the public debt markets, we may be required to find other sources of capital, which may result in increased borrowing costs and restrict our ability to operate. 